I do in Tokyo I.
Timothy Sackton: don't think so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll come on to the tree mostly just for curiosity.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: sure why don't we start with that if connie's able to pay enough attention.
Timothy Sackton: Are you good with the tree now, or should we do something.
Mike Sackton: We could do the mirror first.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see the mirror first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know what we're showing here.
Mike Sackton: That scroll the pandemonium scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so this is the scroll that the.
Eric Rosenbaum: werewolves have had gotten from a gotta.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: Now they had it before.
Mike Sackton: The werewolves have always had this scroll they've had it for a long time we don't know where it came from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The scroll of making the planes collide yeah.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So seekers especially interested in.
Mike Sackton: right they and I miss remembering 10 they I thought that.
The.
Timothy Sackton: yeah as far as you know, for a while.
Mike Sackton: The.
goal here is.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the guy you interrogated.
Timothy Sackton: said they dropped it from.
The.
Mike Sackton: Right wait before they made the deal with the data yeah yeah so I mean who knows how long they've had it, but it wasn't.
Mike Sackton: It dates back to possibly when they were far in them play glands or possibly even older.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and and the other key thing too is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait a minute, this is the scroll from the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah this might tell us more about the chaos seats.
Mike Sackton: me right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they related or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The chaos seeds are kind of like maybe the main quest right where there's like a bunch of them, like all throughout the land and we have to go identify where they are.
Eric Rosenbaum: and harness their power.
For our own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: purposes untamed TIM for good, because when we do things it's good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think this is what will be keeps the sector to be a check on the rest of you.
Mike Sackton: that are part of this crazy like we should.
Mike Sackton: become incredibly powerful and destroy the world because we're actually I dropped the ball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no sarcastic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're here to destroy the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chaos seeds and the Panama and watch looking at the pandemonium scroll will help us learn more potentially about what's going on with the chaos seeds which feels like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know that's The thing that ride the order of reshma went to go close something happened we don't know what right so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a good cover kenzo.
Mike Sackton: was convinced.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the.
Timothy Sackton: reminding you how the mirror works, you can ask it a question.
Timothy Sackton: trying to get some music going here but spotify is being super slow.
Timothy Sackton: me try restarting.
Timothy Sackton: Some whoever is doing the asking makes a wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: Depending on how well you've all you get an answer that you get a vision that may or may not be related to your question.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could always you can always just be like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Show me something interesting you don't have to ask it a question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It says more about that, because that fell out of my brain oh show me something interesting still about the object.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah okay yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just something interesting about anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No money juggling pineapples.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just kittens just just like an.
hour of kittens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like happy music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): associate that as a wall calendar.
Totally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we use inspiration on this also rebranding inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Can so probably has the best wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: Or it actually reminds me con you need to decide when you level up do you want to increase your wisdom, which would increase your Armor class and your.
Timothy Sackton: DC for your.
Timothy Sackton: Key effects.
Timothy Sackton: Or do you want to increase your deck switcher to increase increase your Armor class and your bonus to hit and your damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: decks.
Timothy Sackton: OK, I will do that for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice all right, I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: pull out the scroll reverently.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it safe to even unroll it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably I just can't read it right, because that would activate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoops no don't.
share.
Eric Rosenbaum: It what does it say here.
Eric Rosenbaum: see what languages it enten.
Timothy Sackton: Well we're gonna you unrolling it to read it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have we done so already, we must have known.
Mike Sackton: That you've just.
Timothy Sackton: You just kept the data file I haven't actually looked at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: In general, in terms of the way scrolls work does unrolling it brings with it a risk of accidentally casting.
Timothy Sackton: Making our kind of check.
Eric Rosenbaum: A great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: journey but it's going.
well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh did that role.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see a little.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2027 that's pretty solid check.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yes, there are some scrolls that are.
Timothy Sackton: That just reading the words even to you or even not out loud and will trigger them but it's rare it's not.
Timothy Sackton: You know, typical spell schools, you need to intentionally use they don't go off accidentally but there's all sorts of I mean you are seekers actually deeply familiar with this is all sorts of magic ruins world.
Timothy Sackton: And, not all of them are.
Timothy Sackton: As benign as spell schools.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So there are definitely I mean in fact you've encountered things like this, like you know.
Timothy Sackton: glyphs traps and other kinds of effects like that simply the act of observing the.
Timothy Sackton: Marking can trigger an effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: was just unreal it like a little.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It seems unlikely, it would be the case for this, though, because it has to be done at such a particular time.
Eric Rosenbaum: designed for a ritual.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, it has a whole bunch of other preconditions and we'll see what happens when you mess that up actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It would be really bad ui design to just automatically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, fire on page load.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You could also like just read like like one sound at a time, be like I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, and then, just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm sure nothing if you did that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay i'm gonna unroll just the top few inches of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just so we can see the writing like the first line of writing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you unroll unroll it and start to look at it, but the the ruins are not or the writing is not fixed on this school, it seems like it's almost moving and wavering and it's difficult to focus on, because the rules themselves seem to be changing, and please make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh God.
Eric Rosenbaum: No suddenly the campaign ticket expected turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's a pretty good rock.
Timothy Sackton: You feel a sort of wave of of confusion and najah Passover you as you're watching these it's like it almost hurts, to look at these letters these.
Timothy Sackton: These regions that are.
Timothy Sackton: it's like in the corner of your either they're not moving, but when you try and focus on them it's almost the word themselves are trying to squirm away from your gaze and it was disorienting and nauseating to.
Timothy Sackton: to watch this effect.
Timothy Sackton: But you are.
Timothy Sackton: It passes and nothing else happens you can't tell what language, it is, if it is even a language.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am I motor about there's some kind of defensive mechanism on here but.
Eric Rosenbaum: It didn't affect me i'm too wise.
Eric Rosenbaum: I flip it around so that it's facing the written part is facing the mirror and now we're going to ask it Oh, we decided that the question is going to be what, what are we asking the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think i'm asking the right.
Eric Rosenbaum: kinds of holding it but you're asking.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I will inspire kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or desperation great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, what are we asking we're asking it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we asking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we sort of know, like the last say 20 year 40 years of history.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of the scroll like it's been carried around so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we're more interested in its origins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we want.
Eric Rosenbaum: And why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And where.
Mike Sackton: And where.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This yeah who created this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we're in for what purpose.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah Can somebody roll a D 20 for for kenzo and add.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got it.
Timothy Sackton: had three.
Eric Rosenbaum: three.
Timothy Sackton: Plus.
three.
Eric Rosenbaum: is just a straight wisdom check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have your proficiency or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's that's an 18.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Plus.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, you can add your inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's when the six or eight.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if your character.
Eric Rosenbaum: At all remember how it works to change recently to one day.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a total attitude.
Timothy Sackton: About remember you can roll.
Timothy Sackton: Twice and use the higher number because you're.
Mike Sackton: Inspired by his skill check.
Timothy Sackton: it's making us go check.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can run roll the detail again.
Timothy Sackton: That know that da and again.
Eric Rosenbaum: again.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's actually a total of.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2626 nice can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I give you.
Timothy Sackton: A secret spirit has kenzo holds up the scroll here um.
Timothy Sackton: The image in the mirror the reflection of the of the scrolls begins to fade.
Timothy Sackton: And the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: turns.
Timothy Sackton: dark.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite black there's you know you can dimly make out.
Timothy Sackton: What look like sort of looming stones.
Timothy Sackton: Like dark sort of jagged edge shapes and it seems that that you're on a path you're looking at a path, but everything is very dark so you're just seeing sort of gradations of dark Gray in this dark landscape.
Timothy Sackton: And although you cannot hear anything from the mirror you you you almost feel as if you can.
Timothy Sackton: hear the echoes of this howling wind.
Timothy Sackton: Just something about the way the images reflecting in the in the mirror on was the image you're seeing almost makes you.
Timothy Sackton: Cover your ears in in pain, as the the.
Timothy Sackton: Sound which now seems almost that you can hear in your mind is just this intense how.
Timothy Sackton: And you see a figure i'm walking on this path.
Timothy Sackton: humanoid but difficult the towel who or.
Timothy Sackton: What it might be again 30 dark you can just see big outlines there cloaked and hooded with a deep hood pulled over their head.
Timothy Sackton: seemed to be fighting against the wind.
Timothy Sackton: The cloak is flapping and billowing every now and then it will like blow up and you can see they're wearing Armor on your needs to cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm sorry look like.
Timothy Sackton: So it's like the back of a it's like a breastplate.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing again it's too dark you can't see detail you just see sort of a dog glint of metal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I saw side people in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you have to be actually where they are to sense their soul.
Timothy Sackton: And you watch as this, this figure continues to struggle up the path, in your view, follows behind this figure as it seems to climb higher and higher.
Timothy Sackton: Until you see.
Timothy Sackton: It occasionally sort of almost threw.
Timothy Sackton: a break in the darkness, or there are the Mr sand or the dimness that's blowing around you the glint of what looks like a tower standing.
Timothy Sackton: At the top of this sort of cliff face that this figure is climbing up.
Timothy Sackton: And that the image follows this figure again as they.
Timothy Sackton: As they now reach the door of this.
Timothy Sackton: Of this Tower and you can't again you can't see.
Timothy Sackton: details in the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: But they take out this figure takes out.
Timothy Sackton: Like a gauntlet like his or her their hand is documented and bangs three times on the door of this Tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do any of us recognize the tower.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's like you can't I mean it's just vague form right you can't see details remember this is all basically dark Gray on Black sort of images.
Timothy Sackton: um and and the wind is flapping you know blowing everything is sort of howling.
Timothy Sackton: The door slides open.
Timothy Sackton: And the figure i'm in the cloak and breastplate and gauntlets sort of bows their head.
Timothy Sackton: and hold out.
Timothy Sackton: Poles frame from a sock that was on their on their.
Timothy Sackton: On their waist sort of around the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Just a severed head.
Timothy Sackton: humanoid again, but you can't see any features and hands it to this figure in the club.
Timothy Sackton: And the figure hands back the scroll.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm and the creature this humanoid whoever was banging on the door then wraps their cloak around them and turns and begins to descend the scroll now in the sack that was carrying this decapitated and before.
Timothy Sackton: And as they hunched over walking down this path down the cliffs the wind now blowing it they're back wrapping the cloak around their body around there.
Timothy Sackton: around their face, you cannot see any details whatsoever.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be struggling not to be pushed down the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: And as they keep rocking.
Timothy Sackton: That your sense of time passing in the image seems to jump and you can't quite tell how long it's taking for them to walk there will be a moment when they don't seem to 16 doesn't seem to be changing at all, and then it will skip and jump to some other.
Timothy Sackton: Some other view and they seem to be descending into like a Crevasse like this is not a cliff with open sky, on the other side but they're they're descending deep into some crack.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: As they.
Timothy Sackton: sort of come to the bottom of this switch back trail that cuts down this this Crevasse there's a just complete darkness now, except for a fake glow seemingly down.
Timothy Sackton: This narrow trail at the bottom of this deep crack maybe five feet wide and most sheer walls and standing up but there's a light.
Timothy Sackton: Some hundreds of feet in the distance and this figure walks towards the light.
Timothy Sackton: And as they get closer to the light, you can see that, like every part of them it's just coded in dust like Gray dust.
Timothy Sackton: Like the cloak is now just caked in this dust the the gleam of the brief gleam of metal you saw before is gone, everything is just dust and as they reach the.
Timothy Sackton: This light, you can see, almost it, it looks like like a mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Like a shimmering surface almost like a pool of mercury that's reflecting back their face.
Timothy Sackton: um which you can't see of course because of the shadows and they step forward into this pool and vanish.
Timothy Sackton: And the mirror returns to reflecting the room around you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any sense at all like what is this when this is happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any indications.
Timothy Sackton: No it's impossible to tell but it's clearly somewhere very different than around here.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker has some geological questions to ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: about the situation.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the ash.
Eric Rosenbaum: Volcanic in origin or of some other kind.
Timothy Sackton: So what you could see it seemed just like a sort of uniform fine powder like not.
Timothy Sackton: Almost just as.
Timothy Sackton: What what struck you as as if you could imagine a wind strong enough to just blow bits of rock off of a cliff and smash it up together and grounded to a fine powder.
Timothy Sackton: And it fell, this is what you sort of imagine is happening as wins rushing across the landscape above grinding the edges of this Crevasse and the dust just falling down in endless waves.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the interior of the Crevasse didn't have any like sedimentary layers or anything like that that have markings of other any other kind of.
Timothy Sackton: There was a layer of dust a layer of dust at the bottom, you could see the person's footprints.
Timothy Sackton: creature person whenever they are footprints as they as they approached the portal and, in fact, but of course the wind is still swirling down here so as soon as they stop it makes it in print and then they step again and it gets blown away so the tracks don't last.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the ravine is obviously not like an erosion feature.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: tectonic feature or whatever it's like.
Timothy Sackton: It does not strike you as.
Timothy Sackton: A normal geological feature like there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing you can think of that would produce this kind of feature in in your experience of town or.
Timothy Sackton: or on this it's almost as if.
Timothy Sackton: The thing it actually reminds you the most of is that giant Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: East of go matt like that you saw many months ago.
Timothy Sackton: Just like.
Timothy Sackton: almost like somebody ripped the earth apart, except This time they didn't rip it miles apart, it was just like a tiny bit.
Timothy Sackton: But it almost seems like the earth was just or whatever, this was was just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just magically centered.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and then Center.
Timothy Sackton: But you're feeling was this was.
Timothy Sackton: Not normal geology this doesn't strike you as something.
Timothy Sackton: Natural to the material plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: The more likely, it was a different plan like not on this plan or like a very, very like thousands of years ago and told her.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: it's while making our kind of check, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely, you would lean towards extra plan.
Timothy Sackton: That doesn't seem like.
Timothy Sackton: Like weird ancient history, this seems like just completely different physics and geology.
Eric Rosenbaum: love it.
Timothy Sackton: Anything you've seen before.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, then just thinking about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thinking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who I gotta go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pick up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our knowledge of the different planes does this map onto anything we know about an existing plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: My list of the planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dream world.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dream world is in the list of plans, whether or not.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to.
Timothy Sackton: Physical to be the dream world.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Right and to somebody obviously lived there well or was it there in this Tower the dream world doesn't it seem more permanent the dream world in some sense.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly what playing, it is, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The one I mean, so the one thing you do know is that may be relevant, is that.
Timothy Sackton: So what little you read of pandemonium itself suggests that it is characterized by howling with.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
maddening wins.
Eric Rosenbaum: just adding that document here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was another character dulles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ship there was there were shadows and Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's pretty self.
Mike Sackton: righteous against chats really.
Mike Sackton: darkness has evolved that's, just like the most obvious trope in the world it's not true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's exactly what it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly TIM one of these visions, we should be in Division like there should be like like it's like Dallas severed head out of it sweet.
Timothy Sackton: That would be.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I will consider that, for the future to you if you pick the right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so having.
Timothy Sackton: experienced that in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was cool.
Timothy Sackton: So i'll say that's that's probably the same same day so you've got a few days, basically until.
Timothy Sackton: Until the portable whole is ready so we'll say that's.
Timothy Sackton: that's July 13, which is the same day that speaker la return to you spoke to at the end of last session.
Timothy Sackton: So that'll be.
Mike Sackton: remind me where's the escorting somebody.
Mike Sackton: To dog.
Timothy Sackton: chow hall kansans.
travis.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was.
Timothy Sackton: OK okay so let's skip around a bit and skip to the tree.
Timothy Sackton: And then take a couple minutes to if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: You know restock sell anything deal with equipment.
Timothy Sackton: So who's going to the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Why not.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: team.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can try.
Timothy Sackton: You can try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try I will try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to search soul setting more living things just in general, like not just and even and even eventually like being able to like full site a mountain or so site, you know just other kind of geographical phenomena so yeah he definitely wants to sell sentence tree the tree.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so you had down.
Timothy Sackton: let's say the morning of the 14 so the next morning spending some time you know some time just kind of dealing with getting ready to go.
Timothy Sackton: And this is, you know about now four or five days after the rain started.
Timothy Sackton: And you know, once the monsoon season comes the rains are pretty constant every afternoon there's there's a thunderstorm basically and.
Timothy Sackton: And as you sow this giant tree.
Timothy Sackton: is maybe 200 ish feet tall something like that it's nearly the telus thing and toker and the only thing that's taller is the Dome of the temple.
Timothy Sackton: And as you.
Timothy Sackton: know as you approach it.
Timothy Sackton: You can see.
Timothy Sackton: So the rains have been falling now for a few days.
Timothy Sackton: and high above So it goes up for maybe 150 feet before there's like a crowd of branches.
Timothy Sackton: So you can't like see in any detail what's happening at the top of the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tree to the jump to the top and some point but it's right.
Timothy Sackton: Even ken's I can't jump to our.
Timothy Sackton: You can climb yeah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so, but you can see, like little hints of green starting to appear.
Timothy Sackton: from the top, and although at the base of the tree like you can feel the bark so that you know the diameter is is quite wide it's it's probably.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know 20 feet around or something 20 feet across.
Timothy Sackton: And it sort of in the middle of it there's like a Plaza around it right there's no buildings that are particularly close to the tree.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and you can the the bark like.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you call it bark rate or something that the feeling of the of the skin at the bottom feels just like stone.
Timothy Sackton: But you can smell like just standing at the base of the tree, you can almost smell this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: wafting down from the top of the tree the Center sort of freshly turned earth wet soil.
Timothy Sackton: And you just have this feeling that that somehow it's coming alive from the top, to the bottom, or something like that and.
Timothy Sackton: That the stone is beginning to into.
Timothy Sackton: This hard sort of exterior that feels like stone is beginning to melt into something else as the reins.
Timothy Sackton: fall on it and.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of comes out of its dormancy.
Timothy Sackton: So you're you're all sort of standing around.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of looking up at it, you know there's.
Timothy Sackton: People coming through right, so this is a fairly, especially now that the reins of started right, you know, the people are wandering you pass checking on the tree the tree.
Timothy Sackton: Things like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah 10 console starts just you know small sided alright, I continue to try to sell side it this whole time as i'm as i'm kind of looking around at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking around just for branches anywhere on the ground but i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guessing there's two branches on the ground, like it's not like a branch is like falling from some other part of the tree and it's just caught in the tree someplace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just search methodically climbing climbing it, you know there's a good places, but just you know kind of touching it and and try as much as possible as i'm kind of climbing and searching.
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets using stone since Meanwhile, the second form the sense valuable.
Eric Rosenbaum: or Kim stones or metal thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay 300 feet range.
Timothy Sackton: anybody else the rest of you are just kind of watching you doing anything in particular.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it a do people climate is it is it like disrespectful to climb this thing, where it says.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean usually not now because it's.
Timothy Sackton: quite difficult at this time of year it's easier once it's.
Timothy Sackton: softened a little bit and and people do climate so once it flowers it produces these seed pods that are are sort of smell like vanilla and are quite valuable and.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the first harvest.
Timothy Sackton: is tied to the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Once the first.
Timothy Sackton: sort of blooming has been harvested there's usually two or or sometimes three or even four additional things and anybody who makes the journey to climb to the top is welcome to harvest and do what they will with those seed pods.
Timothy Sackton: None of them are ever fertilized there's no other tree around to make viable seeds, so people just collect them and he is the mostly for coronary.
Timothy Sackton: purposes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In that case, i'll use the Raven whistle and flip to the top wait for guns oh.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So so kenzo it's it's slow going, because this is not, this is not an easy crime.
Timothy Sackton: not going to make your role, because with your monk ability, even if you fall you're unlikely to take any damage, lest he fall away at the top so maybe i'll make your own once.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody want to roll the 24 kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Could you trust car.
Mike Sackton: Okay, my role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Suddenly the campaign took a different turn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a five, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, you still don't take any damage.
Timothy Sackton: it's not an easy it's not an easy climb, and I know at one point as you're towards.
Timothy Sackton: sort of close to the top.
Timothy Sackton: it's just it's difficult and you lose your grip the you know, especially at the top it's almost at the bark is starting to is one was at this transition point where sort of the stone becomes almost slippery and muddy.
Timothy Sackton: You just slip and lose your grip and there's like this gas from the sort of crowd below they see this person falling 100 feet, but he just kind of you know, hold out your hand and kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Like slow your fall off of the off of the bark of the tree and land just on your feet.
Timothy Sackton: And kind of look around like nothing really seemed to happen and then try again.
Timothy Sackton: and eventually make it to the top.
Timothy Sackton: So you can see up here now it's very clear that there's all these like little leafs beginning to bug out right, so all along the top branches of the tree there's.
Timothy Sackton: tons of little little bugs like little leaf bugs that are beginning to unfurl and in the smell of sort of wet Earth is very strong up here.
Timothy Sackton: Like that smell of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Especially.
Timothy Sackton: Right after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: climbing the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I just express like so much gratitude i'm just expressing to the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thanks for sharing it's it's blossoming Thank you thanks for for still standing and being such a source of a symbol of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know fertility and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anchoring it's not, not only in tow corrupt, but also for the elves that came before it and, for you know just i'm just like really evolving within and expressing a lot, a lot of gratitude to it as i'm kind of climbing it and getting to the top.
Timothy Sackton: So you I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You get.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't exactly have a soul you don't you don't get quite.
Timothy Sackton: Like what you would normally see when you look at a person or some other sort of sentient being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, no local setting i'm driving i'm driving like a block away from like a tim's house right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like there's.
Timothy Sackton: A but, but you do, that the sense, you get from it, you do get this sense of.
Timothy Sackton: Age the sort of deep sense of.
Timothy Sackton: This tree has been here for a very, very long time.
Timothy Sackton: And also.
Timothy Sackton: A sense of not exactly loneliness.
Timothy Sackton: it's more.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost as if the tree recognizes that it's it's, the last of its kind, or at least the last of its kind here.
Timothy Sackton: And it's not so much that the tree is sad about it because it's the tree it doesn't really have a sense of sadness or happiness.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: You almost feel like it it the sense, you get is almost as if the truth is it's it's sort of.
Timothy Sackton: its duty to.
Timothy Sackton: share.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of wonder of its life with the world well it's still here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh I definitely five on that energy and kind of put out there sort of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know, myself and our companions were like pollen and that we will be traveling to distant lands, so that we can bring forth energy from the tree and help to help to you know kind of evangelize but but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To bring it's it's it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beyond the tree and that we're able to help help help spread it.
Eric Rosenbaum: by cutting off a piece of music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, no, no, no anything if the tree doesn't want to give itself and that's fine, but you know it has to be gift.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The chest want to give it.
Eric Rosenbaum: In addition, using stem sense, I also want to.
Eric Rosenbaum: see if I can ask tiffany.
Eric Rosenbaum: What she thinks of this place we're not going to like let her out of the ring or anything but she was a guardian of a great tree in the day was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strong Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: ask her what she thinks of this tree.
Timothy Sackton: So so first of all it's done sense i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me just double check.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can tell, with your with your this ability to sense.
Timothy Sackton: That you know.
Timothy Sackton: Things of value right that that as much as this looks like stone, it is not done in fact it.
Timothy Sackton: You can almost feel your sense being trying to reach to the tree.
Timothy Sackton: your senses is blocked.
Timothy Sackton: Like there would right.
Eric Rosenbaum: living on her blocks it and so down into the ground I can't see as well, either probably.
Timothy Sackton: You can when you sort of reached down into the ground and.
Timothy Sackton: it's like looking through a.
Timothy Sackton: it's like looking it's like sort of trying to send down at something where like 90% of the landscape has just been.
Timothy Sackton: crisscrossed with these dark lines that you can't sense it's almost as if you're sort of encountering a massive root system deep underneath toker and that you, you can't penetrate beyond.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the roots of this great tree extends far beyond maybe the Plaza that we're in.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder if that creates.
Eric Rosenbaum: plumbing issues um.
Timothy Sackton: So ah, Kenya is quite curious.
Timothy Sackton: She has not.
Timothy Sackton: encountered this specific tree before.
Timothy Sackton: But she does sort of hint that.
Timothy Sackton: This sort of so part of her role it, you know her her.
Timothy Sackton: What she was guarding in the failed was this this place that sort of captured the essence of of what it was sort of living.
Timothy Sackton: trees on.
Timothy Sackton: And she says that this transformation this.
Timothy Sackton: dormancy by turning.
Timothy Sackton: sort of hard into stone or something likes down.
Timothy Sackton: from mine are a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: What she used to encounter in the wild.
Timothy Sackton: and makes her wonder if this is.
Timothy Sackton: This tree itself is somehow and.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient cast off from that place somehow established itself here.
Eric Rosenbaum: That that could be its origin is there any other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Possible origin, we could or what way to find out where this thing came from yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you know there were there were great forests that true across donmar in the age of the House.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does this does this seem like.
A remnant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the great for us from the deals, or is it more likely.
Eric Rosenbaum: alone tree from the wild.
Eric Rosenbaum: transplants.
Mike Sackton: Have any way of knowing that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: not really.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like it's not like some famous Elf tree it's not like you know.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not like vanilla blossoms and seeds and stuff is there anything in lore about those.
Timothy Sackton: let's say make a nature check.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's there's plenty of sort of more about strange spices and flavorings that come from trees right like there's you know supposed to be some.
Timothy Sackton: tree bark that you can use to flavor of things that you know occasionally comes into port and chart and and there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: You know, things like this you've read.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing that seems quite as grand as this in your reading.
Mike Sackton: there's no I mean it started Alvin tradition of.
Mike Sackton: Cheese like this.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean there's various Alvin.
Mike Sackton: cultures.
Timothy Sackton: Right there's the likes, what is it a fruit or something, but nothing.
Mike Sackton: it's not like this is a species of tree that grows elsewhere and elven civilization.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, exactly.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: gonna walk inside it.
Mike Sackton: With ghostly gaze.
Timothy Sackton: mean it's solid wood, all the way through.
Mike Sackton: hmm.
Mike Sackton: Its way how big a process that.
Timothy Sackton: it's about 20 feet in diameter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, except for one sided.
Timothy Sackton: How far can you see what ghostly get.
Mike Sackton: started D.
Timothy Sackton: So you can see, through it, but if you're just seeing through it there's nothing you're seeing inside it particularly have a bed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of skeletons.
Mike Sackton: lots and lots of I mean it's just a tree out away for it.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, in the meantime, will be has purchased himself far out on some limb Overhanging the city and is sketching the city from above, to try and get a good up to date map of it.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: kenzo while you're you know at the top of this tree kind of i'm communing with it, you, you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel.
Timothy Sackton: It it's not doesn't give you a branch or anything like that, but you can feel the.
Timothy Sackton: You can sort of feel it awake.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you can feel the SAP starting to flow, you can feel it must feel the buds beginning to open.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The roots coming awake i'm reaching out in the distance for water and nutrients.
Timothy Sackton: That beginning to flow up into the into the branches and into the leaves as they begin to bud.
Timothy Sackton: And you can you sort of you get a feeling of the sort of cycle of this tree like that you know if if you were to.
Timothy Sackton: This is, this is the sort of time of.
Timothy Sackton: birth of new shoots of new leads of new.
Timothy Sackton: growth.
Timothy Sackton: And it grows and then flowers.
Timothy Sackton: And when a branch would fall would be at the end of the cycle in.
Timothy Sackton: January or February before it starts to go dormant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I locked into that feeling i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also locked into the feeling of growth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the feeling of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the cycle of sharing its gifts to the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah I try to lock into the essence of like the tree in its entirety and feel if there's like kind of parts of the tree, or if if, as the tree is is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is sharing its gift is there, if there is anything that it is doesn't want to share with me like in this moment and, if not totally fine but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you don't you don't get any particular sense that there's anything specific it's none of these senses are like a direct you don't feel like you're communicating with some entity, this is kind of it's almost as if you're sort of observing.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of natural rhythm of this.
Timothy Sackton: living thing but not there's not like a two way communication that you're really experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm going to a purely on intuition and feeling like as if, like i'm really trying to sense the totality of the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the tree it's sort of like you know if I get a sense that I should move to a certain part of the tree, then I will, but if I don't that's fine too i'll just stay there, and kind of continue to just sense its its totality and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then yeah if it if it if it feels like this is the wrong time in the cycle, then I just you know, continue to spend like you know, probably an hour, just like sitting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the tree and then, if it if it if it's if I sense it moves me to tell to move me to like go to a part of it or to touch a part of it or do anything I will but otherwise i'll just stay stay at the top and.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of you just feel the.
Timothy Sackton: sort of aware of the sort of flows of energy like from the sun up from the roots like just the sort of entirety of the cycle of.
Timothy Sackton: The water that's falling.
Timothy Sackton: You know the rains that have come.
Timothy Sackton: Get almost you know feel the distance that the clouds have traveled to get here.
Timothy Sackton: And all of that, as part of this sort of energy of the tree, but again you're sort of observing that you feel like you're observing this cycle like you're being led into a window of this.
Timothy Sackton: Of this.
Timothy Sackton: rhythm of the life of this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beautiful 10s of 10s of basket and all in the tree.
Timothy Sackton: anybody else want to do anything.
Timothy Sackton: At the Treaty before.
Timothy Sackton: wrapping up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At the very end 10s it takes his knife out and just chops a branch off and takes it.
Timothy Sackton: A tree comes alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Real initiative everyone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to grow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: begins now.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: After having spent some time with the tree you still have you know basically a day before you're going to pick up the.
Timothy Sackton: portable hole and then leave the next morning so.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably, some of that will be spent.
Timothy Sackton: Dealing with logistics, so if there's anything you want to sell now it's probably opportunities not going to be a lot of opportunities to sell stuff on the road to Darbar you're going to need provisions unless you're planning on using magic or.
Timothy Sackton: buying food on the road it's you know, even though the rains have come the city is still in a famine so.
Timothy Sackton: You know, nobody is offering to give you two weeks of rations or anything you might actually have to spend some money.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You also get a sort of rundown of the road from.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: People at the monastery are now finally traveling to to a place none of you have been before.
Timothy Sackton: None of you have traveled on the road.
Timothy Sackton: West to darby and ah, so, if you look at the map of done mar.
Timothy Sackton: What you learn is that along this old drain Korean road that leads to sungar and then to chart and there are, this is a well traveled trade route.
Timothy Sackton: And there are you know every 15 to 20 miles or so, for most of the distance lump us right there will be like little ins or caravans are like little.
Timothy Sackton: there's not so much villages, because the Dunbar you don't really settle it, or at least these done margo really settler villages, but there are.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there are.
Timothy Sackton: These sort of market care, you know places for caravans to rest and recover and people to sell goods and buy food and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: You know, roughly every 18 miles or so.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit west of token on the road there's a track that cuts Southwest directly to DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: This is a newer road, not a drink, not an old drink Korean red, so it gets muddy in the monsoon and it gets dusty in summer and it's not well provisioned it cuts through a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: rough area that's kind of in this central area, called the copper hills that were a.
Timothy Sackton: Like historically way back before the Great War were.
Timothy Sackton: settled by a number of there is number of small mining villages there.
Timothy Sackton: copper and iron mines.
Timothy Sackton: mines were tapped and the villages destroyed in the chaos after the great war and was never resettled it's not very good pasture land it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's rugged and rocky said there's not that many people that live here, but does the road that goes through, and that cuts a pretty good chunk of time off of your offered your travel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just gonna say SAR the recommended route is not to go up to sagar and then did our but it goes straight to DARPA like cutting.
Timothy Sackton: me well depends on how you want to travel right well, you could have a relatively easy.
Timothy Sackton: trip if you go up to some guy and then follow the road to darby because you can stay at it in every if you go.
Timothy Sackton: Slow you can stay at it in every night.
Timothy Sackton: As long as you limit yourself to like 18 miles a day which is not a super fast pace for.
Timothy Sackton: You know traveling on horseback without wagon or gear.
Timothy Sackton: Given that you've stuck everything into a giant hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: We also heard recently about cobalts in this area right.
Timothy Sackton: cobalts are in the mire any gap area.
Timothy Sackton: There are sort of northwest of sungar.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Timothy Sackton: Some of that may conceivably be getting towards cigar but the story that carrying the innkeeper told you was was writing and then my writing gap.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean but that's 15 years ago to read.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's it.
Mike Sackton: Does Joe have a recommended.
Mike Sackton: way.
Timothy Sackton: I mean he's anxious to get there.
Timothy Sackton: Right hit you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should take whatever the fastest route.
Mike Sackton: Is yeah that's fine I mean that's what 400 miles versus like three verses.
Mike Sackton: 425.
Mike Sackton: Five, so what it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Almost more it's 100 miles it's more than 100 miles shorter to cut off.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's interesting holes in the ground sounds like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's the banded minds, where you.
Timothy Sackton: can go, you know find whole new adventures that have nothing to do with DARPA i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): smash cut to our courses on the side.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't seem very difficult than me that I guess.
Mike Sackton: Can we just take some money and go.
Mike Sackton: stock up for.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we have any nothing to role play or anything just either spend some of your cash.
Mike Sackton: yeah fine.
Mike Sackton: We have to start.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the trip overland it's going to be Monday right because monsoon season.
Timothy Sackton: As can be mighty.
I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah I want to like get for probably four weeks of food and water and stick it in the hole.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh that's such, of course, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I mean that's not going to be super cheap for.
Mike Sackton: For six.
Timothy Sackton: For six people.
Timothy Sackton: times.
Timothy Sackton: Right you're probably talking.
Timothy Sackton: you're probably talking about 80 to 100 gold, given the food shortages.
Timothy Sackton: Water is not an issue there's tons of water.
Timothy Sackton: Water is finally.
Timothy Sackton: readily available everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Because it rains every day, and all of the dry riverbed forever river beds that are.
Mike Sackton: Our cell.
Timothy Sackton: phones are now feeling not.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: By no means so you can get some barrels of water, without.
with it.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: don't I mean I don't think it's a big deal if we spend at gold I have i'm gonna try try to economize a bit from his quarter man, I mean he's someone experienced that provisioning.
Mike Sackton: yeah right.
Timothy Sackton: So I will give you i'll give it to you on the low end of 82 or.
Timothy Sackton: 80 gold.
Mike Sackton: Also relatively persuasive I mean, to the extent that you can get deals and things will try, but.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well, food is a bit tough, given that.
Timothy Sackton: there's not a lot of dried preserved food they don't keep it definitely in town anyway.
Timothy Sackton: i'm i'm also just you know because I don't we don't keep track of ammunition or anything because it's a real pain, but like you know well be a laughter restock so i'll say it's like 20 goal to just like make sure you're outfitted for.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I mean i'm happy to also some of this would probably be in the form of flour and.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can do.
Mike Sackton: Right like i'm happy to cook.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): rice, I need your hat.
Timothy Sackton: And you're not so concerned with.
Timothy Sackton: compactness.
Mike Sackton: crap.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you know a few 10 pound bags of flour, we have a normal operations but.
Timothy Sackton: not really an issue as.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, and probably to look, we need to install some shelving.
Mike Sackton: yeah we had a whole plan to install show that's what latter.
Timothy Sackton: latter is gonna be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will will go to the Tucker Ikea and just shelving and.
Mike Sackton: How big is the portable whole.
Timothy Sackton: it's 10 feet deep 10 foot diameter huge.
Mike Sackton: could have bread, often in there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like ventilation, for an oven me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Challenging you so.
Mike Sackton: Much it's a good idea.
Timothy Sackton: Harry a brand, whether it be a good idea to cook inside.
Mike Sackton: The whole is a whole different is it open to the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, what are the thermodynamics in this totally clear.
Timothy Sackton: it's an extra dimensional space.
Mike Sackton: Ah, so it might the whole thing might turn into it.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows, yes okay.
Mike Sackton: let's not tempt fate by cooking and inside the extra dimensional space.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If it can't radiate out through the what look if it's surrounded by vacuum that would be.
Mike Sackton: Right, it could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): complicate it.
Timothy Sackton: will get very.
Timothy Sackton: could get very, very hot very, very quick.
Mike Sackton: wow that'd be an interesting experiment, because if a portable whole gets really hot really quickly it's not a bad track, so you know, there could be uses for a death trap at some point anyway.
Mike Sackton: But not one with our mirrors so.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we put our trapping mirror at the bottom of it facing up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean use the whole and, just like happy will fall in it, or like open it, and then they just get stuck right in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like seriously.
Timothy Sackton: Like we get mad why doesn't just.
Timothy Sackton: Open you have to put it on a surface.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right out of horrible.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah yes.
Timothy Sackton: You put it down so you it's like a piece of steel you, you can fold it onto a surface and it turns into a hole into that surplus.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You could hang it on a wall and just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so you can put it on a wall, even if the wall is only six inches thick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: 10 foot hole that goes 10 feet into the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if you go into the wall and you mount the mirror trapped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On that surface that's literally like you just open up the whole stick it on a wall and like anybody that looks in it is yeah get sucked in.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then we can never use it again for anything because anybody that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be irreversible operation if.
Timothy Sackton: You also are not entirely clear if.
Timothy Sackton: wow we can we'll have a brief little play with boschi who's going to give you a whole bunch of warnings, but things you should never do with extra dimensional spaces.
Mike Sackton: One of which is open other day.
Timothy Sackton: Which is.
Timothy Sackton: Open other extra dimensional spaces inside them whoops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, to land or in Asia.
Timothy Sackton: So anything else you want to sell or buy before you leave.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean yeah in in the party treasure Doc there's a like a whole bunch of gemstones so I highlighted a few of those it's relatively near the bottom, but I think we should convert cash.
Mike Sackton: I convert everything to cash except some of the most valuable basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: telling our client node anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good on the tog are defined network.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now this field currency stuff.
Mike Sackton: I mean diamond and naked the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): coupon code charm because he's traveling.
Mike Sackton: yeah and and maybe.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean if we if we liquidate all of our gems.
Mike Sackton: wow.
Mike Sackton: What um.
Mike Sackton: How much money do you have it.
Timothy Sackton: pulled on.
Mike Sackton: Not the diamond not the Untied gems.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the moonstone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Actually TIM, will you work on that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have a bunch of stuff from the werewolves that we never actually divvied up among us, and we should probably do that, so we know who's got what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the pushing of healing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who wants it and advantage and a couple of scrolls.
Mike Sackton: I would take the question of advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Value gave the.
Timothy Sackton: way, did you give them.
Timothy Sackton: moving down to the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's a bunch of different moves, I think the garnets I gave to the.
Timothy Sackton: Crossing I don't know why I have these.
Mike Sackton: I mean we should sell the the jewelry to write any jewelry we're not going to keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: All hang on to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: girl that was traded for a severed head.
Mike Sackton: yeah keep that.
Timothy Sackton: Secret keep that okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not going to mess with this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: It safe.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't think cancer, how are you on healing.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: Have stelae.
Mike Sackton: No one potion of healing and a red healing.
Mike Sackton: So I think i'm okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um let's see Kansas God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: portion of healing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1% or greater healing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that is it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i've got a feeling i'm feeling much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've got a killing my to actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): deal with when you take the other greater feeling.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because the two of you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting stabbed a lot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the stabbing that's the problem yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't have a detect magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: spell.
Mike Sackton: This is a right you're pushing healing or greater.
Timothy Sackton: Greater greater.
Mike Sackton: I mean you should take all the schools.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, nobody else can really use them.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose that's true.
Mike Sackton: I think we should also selling jewelry the jewelry that we have down at the bottom stuff the silver rain and the carbon and the cat movie as well liquid with anything now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I just I think we should keep the ring that was worn by I gotta.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know it just it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): proves our story a little bit.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Maybe the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Book the cat.
Mike Sackton: The cat we can sell and if I mean I don't need to keep around to this a.
Mike Sackton: Black Pearl and silver twisted flame amulet if it's worth something to sell it.
Mike Sackton: I could I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It feels like selling Nazi memorabilia like you could get some money for it, but like shouldn't just be destroyed.
Mike Sackton: I mean i'd be tempted to.
Mike Sackton: pry out the pearls and melt down the silver and solve them separately.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like that.
Mike Sackton: Why are we not selling the large Turquoise in the middle, just because we want to keep one more thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sneak.
Mike Sackton: Okay that's good reason.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so assuming you're going to basically take a whole day to just kind of try and get get the best prices, you can get from this i'm going to say.
Timothy Sackton: either.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll say seeker make a.
Timothy Sackton: What is it your tool tool check so so roll a D 20 add your intelligence plus your.
Timothy Sackton: proficiency and dealt with, make a persuasion check and whoever roles higher will be the role we use assuming you're both going together seeker knows how much everything's working out with can.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it one day 28 plus my.
Mike Sackton: Intelligent eight.
Mike Sackton: plus five.
Timothy Sackton: Plus profession, so one day 20 plus eight.
Mike Sackton: Yes, by the same pluses me.
Nice.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm moving this stuff down on.
Mike Sackton: The SOFA goblet this silver goblin i'm going to sell two.
Mike Sackton: Okay, just.
Timothy Sackton: just keep things highlighted that you sold because I gotta go back and update my notes, because I have a whole ball note list, where I keep track of everything you might possibly ever show to the mirror once you sell an actual deleted off the last.
Mike Sackton: let's see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm putting it all down in a section, at the very, very bottom of that.
Timothy Sackton: document okay great awesome that's perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, and I can like look up these scrolls and inventory thing and add them.
Timothy Sackton: You just need to add scroll they don't you can't add specific spell schools.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay we're really reaching back into the ancient stuff here.
Mike Sackton: Oh, and the did you move the black yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: When I feel like I have other I had other spell scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: You add yeah you had speak with dad and.
Timothy Sackton: What songs are used and something altitude used.
Mike Sackton: message which messenger which.
Timothy Sackton: message right.
Mike Sackton: But we still have a speak with dead and keep talking about potentially you.
Eric Rosenbaum: have to speak with dad so I have that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The actual item.
Mike Sackton: Are you making a given away section, we have a few other things at another giveaway section, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should be able to.
Eric Rosenbaum: add this scroll of detect magic or just that just.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you should be able to add.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coming up.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you can't write it won't come up with detect magic you know just be spouse go first level, and then you have to customize items, so that you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Right, so if you add style scroll and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so there's two this tech Americans.
Mike Sackton: seem disability to second level, I think.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I don't know how you act, how you change it scroll to what spell it is.
Mike Sackton: You just have to change the name I don't think there's any way.
Timothy Sackton: Of yeah you just have to change the name okay so sorry, what did you roll down with for your persuasion.
Mike Sackton: Less than.
Timothy Sackton: Less than.
Mike Sackton: 18 or 17 I feel.
Mike Sackton: Sad just I mean a different window woman.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so suspense seeker and our spend a day.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, I guess, many most of you spend the day sort of traveling around.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Buying stuff selling stuff you got about 290 gold for all of these items that you're selling.
Timothy Sackton: take away at for.
Mike Sackton: That seems flies that just seems like a strange, so all those gems are worth about three times four weeks worth of food that seems shockingly.
Timothy Sackton: Limited most of these are not that that most of them are not that fancy.
Timothy Sackton: Most of them are quite small.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: pea sized with it, with obvious flaws pea sized Cuba, cobalt, the moon stones are worth a decent basically the moon stones are each worth.
Timothy Sackton: The moon stones from the werewolf where are the bulk of what you're making money off a PR.
Timothy Sackton: If you, you can spend more time and try and get more money, if you want to delay your departure right it's just you're selling a lot of stuff in a.
Mike Sackton: No, I just seems.
Mike Sackton: unbalanced compared to the cost of food seems really high def.
Timothy Sackton: Four weeks of food for six people it's like it's like half a gold per day per person, for I mean I guess you can get it i'll say you can get the food for 50 gold if you're just buying.
Timothy Sackton: you're not buying rations right you're just buying food right so it's a fair bit cheaper than what you would normally.
Mike Sackton: Now It just seems and balance compared to the gems is all.
Timothy Sackton: So so to 90 i'll say you get you get 240 gold out after you.
Timothy Sackton: restock your supplies and get.
Mike Sackton: That just.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: To garnets that we gave to the charts over 200 100 gold each.
Timothy Sackton: know they were 10 I don't know where you got.
Mike Sackton: A hot it says in the chat thing I did, maybe that was wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody wrote that down, not that wasn't me.
Mike Sackton: Okay yeah I like it it's fine it's fine it just seemed like we I the impression we have thousands of gold.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The five uncut gemstones that.
Timothy Sackton: That you did not sell.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean if those weren't caught and Polish you could likely get.
Timothy Sackton: 1000 gold for them and the diamond itself by itself is probably.
Timothy Sackton: At least 500 if not right, so in those six gems and probably between one and 2000.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The MIT of 242 our party coin.
Timothy Sackton: Right okay.
Mike Sackton: So we.
Timothy Sackton: Had than while, but you still got a cough up your 20 gold for resupplying your.
Timothy Sackton: arrows and things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like that on my personal goal.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that takes you.
Timothy Sackton: A good part of the next day and two.
Timothy Sackton: So, in the meantime kenza well, you are back in the monastery waiting for them to kind of sort out all of this.
Timothy Sackton: Out of this shopping and things i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Your old teacher.
Timothy Sackton: rishi pulls you aside for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And he's got this something wrapped up in a like a long item that's wrapped up in cloth.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: come here kenzo he's sort of sitting he's sitting in his his chambers and invites you in he's been praying and he stands up and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I have a gift.
Timothy Sackton: i've been waiting to give you, for some time.
Timothy Sackton: i've never seen i've never trained anyone who had such promises and you.
Timothy Sackton: And I think you deserve this.
Timothy Sackton: And he unwrapped it and it's it's a branch.
Timothy Sackton: Like maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Seven feet long.
Timothy Sackton: Any any hands it to you and you sounds.
Timothy Sackton: And you can tell immediately as soon as you touch it that's from the tree.
Timothy Sackton: says, I think not give this to you before because.
Timothy Sackton: To turn this.
Timothy Sackton: into.
Timothy Sackton: something you can use.
Timothy Sackton: is not an easy task.
Timothy Sackton: And the one who would will that must shape it themselves.
Timothy Sackton: It must be a work from your own heart and soul.
Timothy Sackton: And when I last saw you I did not know if you would have the patience.
Timothy Sackton: For this task.
Timothy Sackton: But I think now.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps you do.
Timothy Sackton: It will take time.
Timothy Sackton: And scale.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: I believe you can fashion, listen to a staff that you could use.
Timothy Sackton: Your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kenzo bows the bleed and receives the branch, and you know for a moment kind of reaches into his his own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of solid presence and then connects to the life within the branch itself and um you know says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what to say this is, this is an amazing gifts, we spent the morning with the tree earlier and I could feel its presence, as I do now within this branch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I learn how to fashion.
Timothy Sackton: We just need to just practice working with would.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you know somebody who could teach you or you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can just practice it is forgiving but.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: I would suggest that if you've never.
Timothy Sackton: worked with before you may be.
Timothy Sackton: start on something perhaps less precious.
Timothy Sackton: And when some feel confident just.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful as you make this because.
Timothy Sackton: The thoughts and.
Timothy Sackton: will have your feelings, as you craft, the staff will imbue themselves into the staff and what you get out will depend on.
Timothy Sackton: What you are thinking and feeling, as you make.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Violent bloody thoughts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: empires falling.
Timothy Sackton: But once you have created such an item only you will be able to use that only the one who shapes this would can wield this would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send me a 10s of bows deeply in, and you know kind of receives the wood and and you know start start meditating with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, in the remaining time and to grow tries to find anybody in the city that actually knows shit about like carving wood and goes and gets a little express lesson pixel she tools some like you know wittily Nice or whatever and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is anybody in the monastery that knows how to work with, but there must be something in the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Can you conveniently enough Joe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Joe Har, of course, Joe hard, is that a word.
Timothy Sackton: He paid attention to his glasses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I did not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great perfect, so I just make sure before leaving took read that a kinds of picks up a you know the appropriate woodworking tool.
perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and you know you texted me like nine months ago that you wanted a cool magic staff and the whole reason there's a giant tree in Tokyo was exactly for this.
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sometimes you got to manifest and just tell the DM what.
that's correct.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The next morning to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Try a couple of other things, one is going to give to the archives, the hobgoblin Journal and log book that i've been carrying around since Raven hold because I don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like going to museums and then I think we should see if we can get like letters of introduction or good faith or whatever it is from a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Calais.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And maybe also from alien to if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I didn't know if he actually would he probably won't I guess he kind of wanted to kill us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe just clay.
Timothy Sackton: clay, I will happily give you a letter so.
Timothy Sackton: Not so much like you know give these any of these people anything I say, but just like introduction like these are note is people are going to be trustworthy.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, I also differently i've been carrying around that black Irish staff like that we that we killed that dude.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will also give that to the archives and.
Mike Sackton: Before we give it to what does it say.
Timothy Sackton: it's in this list.
Mike Sackton: Now we never translated it's kind of with words and drink holic.
Timothy Sackton: know you translated it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am the black when.
Mike Sackton: i'm sure, oh no yes, I remember it.
Mike Sackton: We did sheds light it.
Mike Sackton: It was somewhere I don't remember where we yes, it was some sort of I am the black when.
Mike Sackton: I think it was.
Timothy Sackton: Taking my notes that's gonna way back in my notes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm going to take up my character sheet, though, and we'll leave it at the archives.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you making archives now.
Timothy Sackton: I bind you to the black wind I bind you to my flame bye bye good yeah the sun is dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all right i'm deleting it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and moving that over again, so do you want to leave the monks journal, also from the monastery official or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): place to leave it if you do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually know the most general i'll keep with me because that's also like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There aren't really like mix of beach money why, because this is actually the lock and monastery it's not like, there is no the order of vishnu has basically like you know me and record and.
Timothy Sackton: Your card which to.
Mike Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: This was you, and like.
Timothy Sackton: offer us and provide us and they're apprentice and the handful of other apprentices that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah soccer has trained over the years.
Mike Sackton: it's 30 art market here.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: that's probably not something you can solve quickly.
Timothy Sackton: or at least not getting a good price for it.
Mike Sackton: i'm i'm less interested in selling and more interested in knowing approximate Lee like i'd be interested in showing these works to see if there is an art market talk to somebody you know.
Timothy Sackton: More appraisal then.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, these are the.
Mike Sackton: painter paints.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Take Korean era art if you found that presumably the price we do hire someone like charted.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Your it's it's quite tricky to get an act so.
Timothy Sackton: These other sorts of things that if you find somebody who really like Who collects turn your drink Korean art these would be extremely valuable because there is very little do drink orient art that gets uncovered.
Timothy Sackton: They are not done by particularly a particularly notable or famous painter so they're not something that there's an immediate market, for he would he would.
Timothy Sackton: You know the art dealer or the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, Guy you're talking to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, would.
Timothy Sackton: would take them but he's like this, you know, this could be anywhere from I mean they're still valuable because they're rare, this could be anything from 100 to 1000 the goal that's basically sounds.
Timothy Sackton: Like you're talking about a pretty wide appraisal with Jenny he would buy that he'd be happy to buy them for you, for the low end of that value right now.
Timothy Sackton: By he offered 250 going for the pair on the spot.
Timothy Sackton: But he admits to you that that is a.
Timothy Sackton: low price, and if you.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: I was asked them what do you think in Charlotte, what do you think you could get for this.
Timothy Sackton: At the high end of that for sure.
Mike Sackton: yeah we'll keep.
Mike Sackton: i'll keep them for now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay wrapping up.
Timothy Sackton: Any other items kate's been sitting listening to deal with equipment for 45 minutes.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: So before you go basu hands you the whole and lectures you strongly the four things you never do.
Timothy Sackton: Open extra dimensional portals inside extra dimensional part.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about putting thing, putting them in but not opening them.
Timothy Sackton: sparring is fine as long as they're not.
Timothy Sackton: open.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: Fire no fire in the hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What will happen if there's a fire in the hole.
Timothy Sackton: Despite the fact that it looks like a whole, it is also it is both an extra magical portal and a piece of silk.
Timothy Sackton: If the whole itself burns now it's not.
Timothy Sackton: it's not going to burn.
Timothy Sackton: quickly, but if you will light a fire inside the whole it could burn from the inside out and everything in there will be burnt away or injected into some unknown extra dimensional world.
Timothy Sackton: three.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful which direction you open.
Timothy Sackton: If you open it on a ceiling, everything will fall out.
Timothy Sackton: The whole itself the.
Timothy Sackton: Extra dimensional space gravity and extra mental space is oriented to gravity in the real world, not whenever playing a reference you might imagine in the extra dimensional space.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But only at the time of opening right it's not that we have to keep this.
Timothy Sackton: thing kind of old.
Timothy Sackton: Once it when it's closed it's closed, it will stay in the same orientation, as it was when you close it when it's closed.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: Do not so, so you can modify the inside, like you can mount things you can mount shelves, you cannot matters.
Timothy Sackton: But it's called.
Timothy Sackton: No nails.
Timothy Sackton: If you pierce the inside of the be careful with swords to keep them she if you caught the inside of the whole from inside the whole, I cannot.
Timothy Sackton: cannot guarantee your or any item in the whole survive.
Timothy Sackton: Those are my four.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: portable if weight, but let's say that one of us, for all of us hide inside the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we breathe the air there for long periods of time how long can we stay inside, because you remember you were saying before you there's like an elaborate and send a whole camp he set up inside, so you can still breathe in there and stay inside for a while.
Timothy Sackton: If the whole is open sure, as long as you want, if you i'll jump in the hole and somebody picks the whole up off the ground clothes that.
Timothy Sackton: You will suffocate in however long, I mean that's a lot of air it's 10 foot deep 10 foot wide that's a decent chunk of air but it's not gonna last forever there's no new air that will come in the hole is closed, you will eventually stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you close the whole from the inside.
Timothy Sackton: Well, oh cannot be close to the inside, it can only be closed by lifting it off the surface.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if you had a major hands that was outside the whole and lifted it up, could you close it that way.
Timothy Sackton: I have never tried that that would be an interesting experiment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see how much smarter i've got this instead left.
Timothy Sackton: The problem is once it's closed and your insight it, you have no way to reopen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can't you use them a chance to then lay the whole down but.
Timothy Sackton: I guess the whole is closed the main changes on a different plane than you, you cannot control anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah probably can't send magic effects across the interpreter boundary.
Timothy Sackton: Now well the whole is open, yes, once the whole is closed now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our message stones probably won't work inside the whole and outside the whole team hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely not.
Mike Sackton: i'm suggesting maybe we don't do any experiments, where one of us is inside the whole and then we close the whole to see what happens, maybe just avoid that whole class of experiment to get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know that when somebody outside the whole, then it should be totally fine somebody outside the whole we can move it around that's it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So secret I will handle this, this will be fun.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What seemed like such a good idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No seems almost certain to cause catastrophic destruction.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's long as we follow the rules and don't void the warranty what could possibly go wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing will go wrong if you follow my four rules.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's an extremely inexpensive way to travel over over long distances by rolling it up and giving it to a bird obviously with all this inside of it.
Mike Sackton: I think you're missing the point.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Besides.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just put all of us in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: sharp claws that might rip, for example, fake cloth.
Timothy Sackton: Right just out of curiosity dwarf.
Mike Sackton: Now, if we were inside the mirror inside the whole presumably you say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What know.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: See that's a neat like a horrible idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: But nothing prevents it.
wow.
Mike Sackton: It I hope it's safe to be inside the inside the whole are throwing our mirror inside the whole is going to end badly for a hobgoblin.
Mike Sackton: wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As long as we don't open the mirror while.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm not to ask about this, what is the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open mean because that mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: may always be open.
Mike Sackton: No, you know there's a command man.
Timothy Sackton: turn it off.
Timothy Sackton: there's a command where that you can speak that turns it into just a regular mirror and then you run the command where, again, it turns to up right.
Mike Sackton: that's how I guess I did get sucked in act by accident when she just was like walking around your.
Timothy Sackton: house and has done right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so we can leave that shut.
Timothy Sackton: not advise.
Timothy Sackton: Extensive experimentation with extra dimensional portals.
Timothy Sackton: None of you have the skill or knowledge and experiments that go wrong tend to end fatally.
Mike Sackton: Did you hear that see here.
Mike Sackton: Are you listening to the rules.
Timothy Sackton: And those that don't am fatally.
Timothy Sackton: usually end.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With.
Timothy Sackton: delightful never was experience.
Timothy Sackton: experimenting scattered across the plane.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean that does sound good.
Eric Rosenbaum: In all seriousness, are there, instances of intrusions.
Eric Rosenbaum: into the whole plane from elsewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it really well insulated from.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rest of the plans.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps some inferior crafter may construct such items that could be.
Timothy Sackton: penetrated by random incursions I can promise you, none of my items the pocket dimensions, I create are well insulated and say.
Very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because we we do plan to use this whole for practical matters of of great importance.
Eric Rosenbaum: We wouldn't want anything to be you know missing, when we look in there again later.
Timothy Sackton: No, nothing will ever vanish from the whole unless you break one of the four rules.
Timothy Sackton: Naturally, if you break the rules, I cannot be held responsible to what may happen to your stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: baxter, for instance, does not understand that also probably should not be allowed in the whole.
Timothy Sackton: No, I would not allow you are pet for animals into the hall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I sense that you're getting more and more concerned about giving us this whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: level of agitation increasing as who asked you questions.
Timothy Sackton: would like to see you return kenzo I have.
Timothy Sackton: grown fond of your campaigns as well, for their skill in dealing with my troubles, and I would hate.
Timothy Sackton: To hear.
Timothy Sackton: rumors of.
Timothy Sackton: The poor party scattered across the plains last forever because they couldn't help themselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's.
Mike Sackton: The wiser heads will prevail bessie you're not, we will not allow speaker to experiment.
Timothy Sackton: We had which has to include in this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was her head to toe with.
Timothy Sackton: rackley to 10s.
Timothy Sackton: And he says just be careful, this is not a toy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basu we ask these questions, only for purposes of clarifying before rules which we will not break.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nor will we break any of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: associated things that may seem like barriers connected to the formula, which is our line of questioning is being used currently to clarify.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I said, have you ever seen a hole open inside of another one.
Timothy Sackton: I am afraid to tell you the answer this question because.
Timothy Sackton: The risk is that you will think you can do what I can do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh we're very clear that we can.
Timothy Sackton: I have in a carefully controlled experiment.
Timothy Sackton: investigated the limits of entangled planes.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You watch a seeker like take out his book and just stops talking.
Timothy Sackton: stairs it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): carefully controlled experiment seeker.
Timothy Sackton: In the text.
Timothy Sackton: Of a carefully controlled experiment.
Timothy Sackton: With limited.
Timothy Sackton: quantities of extra plan or material.
Timothy Sackton: in safe conditions.
Timothy Sackton: They explode.
Timothy Sackton: In unsafe conditions.
Timothy Sackton: They will open a rift to somewhere cannot tell you where because it is random.
Timothy Sackton: And everything around you will get sucked in.
Timothy Sackton: Before the world kills itself and you'll find yourself.
Timothy Sackton: stuck.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere not here.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly in a giant boiling.
Timothy Sackton: lake of lava or in tune in solid earth with no oxygen.
Timothy Sackton: No air for normal people to breed.
Timothy Sackton: Can you breathe water.
Timothy Sackton: any of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Usually know but.
Eric Rosenbaum: No part of the reason, this is of interest.
Timothy Sackton: So if you were teleported.
Timothy Sackton: To the plane of rudder and there was nothing to breathe, but what what would happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: We would all die yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hard The reason this is okay, is that we've observed phenomena in our travels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Regarding the interconnections intersections and various religions endemics of interpreter interactions and your experiments could shed light on some of the otherwise inexplicably things that we observed, you see.
Eric Rosenbaum: I at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: scholar of the ways of the world of this content.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I appreciate your contribution.
Timothy Sackton: Just be careful, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we won't be tinkering with worse.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks thank.
Timothy Sackton: You turns it over reluctantly handing it to kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the size of the explosive power in your estimation just kidding.
Timothy Sackton: Just like turns.
Eric Rosenbaum: approximate range of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ends, it does a sleight of hand trip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just disappears.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From a from a year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pull up okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, finally.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, July, the morning of July 16 you meet raise win and Joe Hart at the Western gates of toker as you prepare to leave.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: You leave first thing in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: The ground still wet from the.
Timothy Sackton: rains the evening before the day before.
Timothy Sackton: But the road itself that runs West this old drink Korean road is is paved and smooth and concrete it.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: maintained in such a way that the wider runs off of that, and you can see, like rivulets flowing along the side, but this wide road leading West provides clear safe travel.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: As you leave to cry.
Timothy Sackton: This first week of the monsoon rainy season.
Timothy Sackton: You feel across done mar that how the coming of the rains marks the turning of the seasons that transition from the hot dusty summer at the end of the dry season, to the lush green of the monsoon.
Timothy Sackton: And as you begin to turn West from the first day of your journey, you know that, in the south and west, on the other side of the rocky mountains it's been raining for weeks already and.
Timothy Sackton: The rivers are in flood the nyan and travel overflowing their banks and nourishing the fields and farms of Western Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: The grass and trees, of the dry so then so bringing to life as animals wild the domestic feast on the fresh sheets.
Timothy Sackton: In darby nearly do west of toker the rains arrived, maybe two weeks ago, a week before toga.
Timothy Sackton: Well, here, the influence of the never see modulates the dry season and the small rivers that cascade from the foothills of the you want the intercom mountains.
Timothy Sackton: That flow to the coast run year round still the people of the dharma coast celebrate the day renew all like all Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: Over the past week since rants i've gotten to to grab.
Timothy Sackton: The reins of the monsoon as move slowly North across the plains and central our.
Timothy Sackton: little corner.
Timothy Sackton: First, falling in the foothills of the avanti and the copper hills west of Tokyo feeding the rivers and pry washes that flow into the hora.
Timothy Sackton: Then spreading across the plains between toker and sun God bringing life to the Crown grasslands.
Timothy Sackton: It is still probably another week until the monsoons reached the northern peaks.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps quenching the fires that still burn around you don't these tower driven by the lightning strikes of the permanent thunderstorm there Washington clean the streams of ravens hold bringing flowers and color to the Kenyans of Kerala and go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: And that's candy to the south of the deepest part in the deepest part of the rain shot up the avanti peaks the first sign of the monsoon will be the flood of the heart as the rain falling now around you on the plains of toker flows down river.
Timothy Sackton: It is still probably three weeks before what little rain that will reach us Gandhi falls they're.
Timothy Sackton: farther East in the depths of the gumbo a desert the rain will come off the ball, only a few thunderstorms will likely arrive in the dry desert it's of that high plateau.
Timothy Sackton: But even that trickle of water will be enough, a month from now.
Timothy Sackton: For the Carter to spring to life again for the deserts to blame and for what little life has struggled remained dormant in those deserts waiting for water to burst forth.
Timothy Sackton: But now, as the rains have been falling for only a few days in Tokyo and the lands to the north and the east still waiting for relief.
Timothy Sackton: You turn West, leaving behind the deserts and frontiers, for the subtle land to the West in western Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you begin your journey, creating Rizwan has been dealing with her own errands.
Timothy Sackton: and Joe Har who has heard kenza you who you've told presumably of your desire to learn.
Timothy Sackton: woodworking and as brought his supplies and some some wood for you to practice on.
Timothy Sackton: prepared is brought is basically equipment to make a bunch of arrows for a while you travel, so you can begin to learn how to shape would into weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what I do also as I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try look at the figurines that that seeger has been making and I tried to like make them in would like some of the ones that I think are cool.
Timothy Sackton: A little.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean course.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So feel free to like interrupt narration um if you want to role play anything or talk to each other, but the first few days likely are fairly uneventful on the road, so I was just gonna narrow this along to the first couple of stops um.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you had.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i've stuck with for a SEC sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
I think.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you had West from Tokyo, the land here is.
Timothy Sackton: sort of rolling grasslands and well in your previous journeys around here, it was.
Timothy Sackton: All dry and brown even the week of rain that you've had so far as enough for.
Timothy Sackton: The dry grass to start to refresh and grow and there's green sprouting up everywhere around you.
Timothy Sackton: And this road, as I said, as well maintained and and there's that you know you're for the first day or so you're kind of in the in the hinterlands of Tokyo so you're passing through small villages, you know there's a few farms.
Timothy Sackton: But the road is is fairly populated here.
Timothy Sackton: And it's not until.
Timothy Sackton: You reach close to the end of the first day.
Timothy Sackton: That you find yourself traveling alone.
Timothy Sackton: Not surrounded by you know there's.
Timothy Sackton: People going to the marketing to grow people coming back there's just a lot of foot traffic on the western edge of toker i'm, especially now with the reins.
Timothy Sackton: And you and you see now these these like.
Timothy Sackton: caravanserai that are.
Timothy Sackton: placed about a 1520 mile.
Timothy Sackton: Distance across the road you're.
Timothy Sackton: The first after traveling about.
Timothy Sackton: About 20 miles your first day coming out of out of the sort of hinterlands of toker um you can see how to have you on the road on this, and now that the general way these work is you can either spend.
Timothy Sackton: You know, money to stay in a bed and they'll give you food and rashes from the next day or people just camp right if you have your own supplies and you want to just you know camp in the sort of safety of the of.
Timothy Sackton: The group that's most most like a lot of the merchants and and travelers, of course, will.
Timothy Sackton: and trainers sorry will stay in the Nice rooms, but a lot of done Mari that are going back and forth on various business will just you know pitch their tents.
Timothy Sackton: And the you know, whoever owns the end doesn't isn't going to bother them if you want to save money and just cook for yourself basically.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: what's your your generally speaking camping and cooking what's your general plan here on your.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna be off in the wilderness pretty soon right, we may as well take advantage of civilization well it's here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah What about.
Mike Sackton: Massive amounts of money.
Timothy Sackton: No like, especially if you not if you don't need food, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Just just like you know, a bad is like.
Timothy Sackton: To silver per person per day per night or something like that so you're basically talking about a gold per night or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: So perhaps by mingling with the travelers keep an ear out for any.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah any news.
Mike Sackton: yeah so.
Mike Sackton: I think would be good to like under.
Mike Sackton: understand the.
Mike Sackton: I want to like eat with them a gossip like I mean.
Mike Sackton: Because travelers let's.
Mike Sackton: let's try and keep it here of rumors in here what.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that the first the first one you come to and I and all of these have a similar layout to get crumbs in in Kerala just off usually bigger because it's.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's often like almost a little village around them right so it's like usually a big courtyard that has space for for wagons and courses.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Like it like and then there's kitchen there's rooms, but there's usually a little market some of that there's often like a smith there's something somebody who can repair horseshoes and mend wagons there's often like Woodworkers and things just sort of general.
Timothy Sackton: artisans you can sort of keep trade caravans maintained as they pass through, and the first one you come to the first night is actually pretty crowded there's usually a lot of traffic on the roads.
Timothy Sackton: Around the muncie and so you know people.
Timothy Sackton: who had been waiting for better weather to trap me when it's super dry right there's there's no water for animals, like the grass is all dead it's much harder for people could just kind of travel.
Timothy Sackton: The first one, you know, mostly.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly done Marty i'll say make a.
Timothy Sackton: charisma investigation check for got you know rumor gathering anybody anybody who wants to.
Timothy Sackton: make a charisma check and then add your proficiency if you're proficient in investigation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're doing an investigation shot.
No.
Timothy Sackton: charisma check and then add your proficiency if your proficiency investigation.
Eric Rosenbaum: I find out the proficiency amount.
Timothy Sackton: it's plus three.
Mike Sackton: plus three it's a proficiency bonus next year speed.
Timothy Sackton: So you know setting around the first in so.
Timothy Sackton: it's a relatively small amount of money, but somebody should take off like.
Timothy Sackton: To gold for food and lodging.
Timothy Sackton: As you're sitting around.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot of a lot of done Marty here at this first and and.
Timothy Sackton: You are the the sort of talk of the of the room as soon as you enter because everybody's heard everybody here has heard the stories of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, after the public execution of the werewolf the whole story of the fraternity of the empty moon and the werewolf codes in Tokyo Of course nobody really knows the details, but the story that you know.
Timothy Sackton: These all these non humans, plus one done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: kill the werewolf colton toker has spread like wildfire and as since he spent a week kind of hanging out certainly raced ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Here, and you know you.
Timothy Sackton: So that's mostly what people are talking of course there's the undercurrent of you know, the rumors of Sarah that have also spread.
Timothy Sackton: Most people seem to think she has been raised from the dead brought back by the gods or by something evil, nobody is quite clear.
Timothy Sackton: You are not clearly associated with that in the rumors the the tale of Sarah seems to have gotten garbled and grown in the telling.
Timothy Sackton: She is said to.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Having have been.
Timothy Sackton: called back for some purpose.
Timothy Sackton: But nobody can quite agree on the purpose and whether it's good or bad.
Timothy Sackton: But of course there's some nervousness right people are.
Timothy Sackton: unsettled by this.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Again, that.
Timothy Sackton: You settle into a routine over the course of.
Timothy Sackton: You know the next.
Timothy Sackton: couple of days so it's about three days to the turning point where you go where the.
Timothy Sackton: West road the dharma road turns off the old trade road.
Timothy Sackton: The travelers are last and, if you want to stop and talk to anybody again like feel free to interrupt your travelers as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you leave the first in.
Timothy Sackton: You do pass patrol of.
Timothy Sackton: Our gears knights of the mist I have on here who have been who patrol the roads, among other things.
Timothy Sackton: Four of them in Armor go riding past.
Timothy Sackton: towards chart will toward sungar West along the road here.
Timothy Sackton: And you also you know, also on the road out here, you do see some.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a decent number of like done Mari families, mostly refugees who are now with the rains heading west to try and.
Timothy Sackton: find a place to eke out a living, some people heading for.
Timothy Sackton: heading for Darbar.
Timothy Sackton: Where there's or sungar somewhere further West where there might be.
Timothy Sackton: work, especially people have lost their livelihoods if if most of their wealth was in animals that died from the plague the sickness that was spreading among the horses.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: Not much outs not not much different than you here in the second night, so another to go there, but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Notable here, as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: As you come as the rains begin to stop at the end of your second day of travel.
Timothy Sackton: There is a bridge over what is normally a dry wash but is now beginning to run with water.
Timothy Sackton: And it's a it's made of a single smooth piece of stone no seems no joins and it makes one soaring arch that goes over this wash like a few little arches that lead up to it, but the central part is just this one soaring arch.
well.
Timothy Sackton: No statues or decorations but the stone itself seems to almost glow and as the sun sets as you approach the the end for the evening, you can see that the stone is.
Timothy Sackton: Casting back some of the light of the sun casting and glow on the water beneath it i'm casting a glow on the on the end.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly old.
Eric Rosenbaum: I investigate what is going on with this thing, how is this done.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's certainly magical.
Timothy Sackton: maker history jerk.
Timothy Sackton: So it's I mean this is drink Korean.
Timothy Sackton: It dates it's so it's like 1000 years old, at least.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can tell it was almost certainly shaped by magic.
Timothy Sackton: And somehow imbued with this magic to absorb and cast off white.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Much other details.
Mike Sackton: Any I mean it's still all.
Mike Sackton: Look at it with my magic.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's.
Mike Sackton: magical what sort of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trance.
Timothy Sackton: I would say transportation.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I wonder why.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does the thing with like that it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Say indication as to the functionality of that is that for like safety at night or for some other reason.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: It could be for any reason, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Because it's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's glowing bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it sort of absorbs during the day and remits at night.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the lightest sunlight looking are sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Its sun, it seems like it's sunlight yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There any noticeable like warmth touching it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean stone itself so herbs work during the day, it will feel warm for some time in tonight right so it's a little bit different to say whether it's enhanced by magic, or whether it's just.
Timothy Sackton: The way it stone it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could it could be ornamental.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, just distinctive looking because it's made of a single pieces like nothing's like that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and a single artist.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's actually a pretty steep it's almost kind of an impractical bridge, because to get over the river and a single arch that arch needs to be fairly steep up.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we, in the middle of nowhere kind of other other ancient stone structures around or was there a city.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean there's the robo you're traveling.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just part of ancient infrastructure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep an eye out for anybody that I could ask if they know more about the bridge, especially about why echoes but anything else that's interesting about it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you know you can sort of pick up details from from the innkeeper here right.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: You know, but nobody really knows why it clothes, the clothes, the clothes for like maybe three or four hours after sun side of things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some people have invented in 1000 years is as many stories, as there are people to make them up.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly there's hundreds of stories about why right whether it's a beacon to travelers or.
Timothy Sackton: Some people, you know it's like if the stone healing that's why it never cracks that's one theory i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know i'll be worth knowing.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's so that.
Timothy Sackton: As a marker for boats like a lighthouse because there's shallows here is one theory, of course, now that land has changed in the River only runs for three months, out of the year, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just attract a lot of insects and as a result BATs.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's definitely BATs.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, animal door is one theory.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: Animal repellent because another theory.
Timothy Sackton: That it kept away.
Timothy Sackton: As animals that or other sorts of creatures are dangers that are preference, you know prefer the night Ward against the undead is a is a theory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would you need that, though.
Timothy Sackton: There is 1000 30s.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: continue on.
Timothy Sackton: And the third day of travel now you come to um.
Timothy Sackton: This is the crossroads in basically so again almost this is this is actually even bigger than the other two um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you spill star on the map, or just do a little things to Syria.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's the bridge.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this map isn't really quite detailed enough for any of this to show up but you've been traveling along this road for like.
Timothy Sackton: where's the ruler.
Timothy Sackton: You know so.
Timothy Sackton: About that star like if you can see, can you see that ruler yep perfect about 50 miles right so.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't been making super fast progress because you've been staying at these ends right and they're only about 15 to 18 miles apart, you can easily go 25 if you are just pushing yourself, but there will be time to push yourself when you're on the road to the hills.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So this third in the sort of crossroads in.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: So you can you know a few things of note, as you approach again not not really dark when you approach, even though you've potentially you know, maybe you've been resting for a bit during the height of the rainstorm every afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the.
Timothy Sackton: But the the road that DARPA road that branches West from here is like more of a mark tracking the planes than.
Timothy Sackton: Like a nice wide paved road where you know to wagons can crop can pass each other abreast you know it's muddy it's sort of rots wagon ruts shouldn't be too bad.
Timothy Sackton: Just on your horses and xp but you know, probably not a lot of wagon trains pass through right at the start of the monsoon season here if you had.
Timothy Sackton: A you know, a train of several carts of wagons you've probably got a long way during the the worst of the monsoons.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And this in has a has a sort of a more diverse group staying in it.
Timothy Sackton: You see a couple of other hatchlings.
Timothy Sackton: sitting there is.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: couple of traveling musicians playing.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you sit in the common room there's music.
Timothy Sackton: there's a few there's you know more non done Mari as well there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of nondescript woman in sort of.
Timothy Sackton: leather Armor with a traveling cloak looks sort of sitting in a corner just kind of watching the crowd and looks.
Timothy Sackton: from her gear anyway, probably turn down in.
Timothy Sackton: there's you know, a couple of the you know, one of these.
Timothy Sackton: Maggie or mistyped patrols, as it is in the end, this is this is definitely seems like a more.
Timothy Sackton: You know this is like a crossroads people, it was bit more of a sense of people gathering here than in.
Timothy Sackton: The other two ends that you stayed now.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Just do your normal kind of hang out talk to people and, again, you still are drawing some attention right like.
Timothy Sackton: This is only 50 miles from toker the stories that certainly traveled this far.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we have Joe Hart with those two right.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So there's six of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah when we're on the road, I still you know kind of hang with Joe Hart catch up with him, and you know practice I practice riddling and work during the woodwork whenever I can so you know, whatever chill out a fireplace whatever else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You need to work on it.
Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Try and spend a little time, each day, working with baxter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shut up the hassling some if they've come from the Western from the South to get news of the road to the West.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: This is a green leaf clan.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in the in right now are.
Timothy Sackton: alton and Lyle.
Timothy Sackton: Two brothers.
Timothy Sackton: They they're happy quite happy to see you they.
Timothy Sackton: You know smile and sort of way as soon as they see another half and come in and like smile and wave you over.
Timothy Sackton: There traveling with their extended family, most of the rest of the clan is sort of setting up the wagons they've come from the West so they've come from some guy and they are traveling to toe craft.
Timothy Sackton: As part of a long circuit that they're making.
Timothy Sackton: In fact there.
Timothy Sackton: They go all the way across the mountains up into sandbar and then they'll.
Timothy Sackton: Trade you know go up trade with the dwarves and then do a loop in some bar and come back.
Timothy Sackton: So they're.
Timothy Sackton: On a long haul and i've been on the road for a while and.
Timothy Sackton: Looking forward to reach and target in a few days and.
Timothy Sackton: Creating out there.
Timothy Sackton: Selling some stuff buying some stuff having a nice pop back.
Timothy Sackton: These and they seem like they're the sort of younger.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of like Mary and pippin of the group right so they're sitting and drinking and.
Timothy Sackton: And since they've come from the West they've they've actually just heard the stories of of you tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Not haven't come from Tokyo so they're super presto like.
Timothy Sackton: Here I was drinking with us amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Roma is what's uh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's happening in the West what's the news from younger and younger.
Timothy Sackton: guys a bit of a mask, to be honest and.
Timothy Sackton: All this is why I kind of interrupted like yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know, we have to fight.
Timothy Sackton: For these little like this they're creatures they they tried to steal a wagon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll go home off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): West of Center.
Timothy Sackton: West distant are coming to the Mediterranean gap.
Timothy Sackton: I guess talking to people and cigar it's been a real problem, mostly horse these.
Timothy Sackton: I was like yeah it was it was quite the scene, there was there was blood, there was.
Timothy Sackton: No dad was all up in arms with his two swords just sweat whacking at them.
Timothy Sackton: and see him fight like that, for a long time it's like yes, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I name is old but.
Timothy Sackton: You still got it.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're turning stuff towards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is that when avoid the road entirely maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who knows from there.
Timothy Sackton: heard.
Timothy Sackton: Some nastiness on that road to.
Timothy Sackton: sort of leans forward.
Timothy Sackton: I heard.
Timothy Sackton: You just bring sort of conspiratorial late.
Timothy Sackton: Last night the interview you're staying out up the record.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody said they saw a dragon can you believe it.
No, no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This look like.
Timothy Sackton: Big green leathery wings.
Timothy Sackton: to cross.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To close.
Timothy Sackton: to cross a tail without.
Timothy Sackton: swaying the store a horse and production to eat it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's.
A dragon.
Timothy Sackton: awesome yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's so cool on the road to DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: on the road to DARPA yeah.
Excellent wow.
Timothy Sackton: I was surprised.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far off to this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: It was a.
Timothy Sackton: It was a messenger I guess somebody.
Timothy Sackton: He he was riding and he said I don't know, maybe halfway to Darbar the dragon God has spare horse.
Timothy Sackton: was coming from darby towards sungar.
Timothy Sackton: Starting from the dharma road and turned West.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not over to the tour donated venture.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh there's a lot more of these types and done more than I would have expected.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she was.
Timothy Sackton: she's been here for a few days.
Timothy Sackton: While sort of leans in like not just Simon says, let me tell this one.
Timothy Sackton: She she was with a group of four others.
Timothy Sackton: To two nights ago the innkeeper says they came.
Timothy Sackton: And she stayed they laughed we passed for them on the road yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: Heading West.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why she said they were, I mean look at bunch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She wearing leather Armor.
Timothy Sackton: leather Armor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Shiva bow for the.
SUP marcella.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know her name, do you know her to all of you adventures know each other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we try to keep a list of WHO to look out for.
Timothy Sackton: Does she have you on a list.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Should we introduce you could you introduce us.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah they usually do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The four she was with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cloaked in hooded man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A short man with lots of books and notes yeah but yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds right.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: A horse yeah there was one super tall dude.
Timothy Sackton: Big muscles X No, sorry hubbard yes big long long X on a Pole, is that how bird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tell people weapons, who knows.
Timothy Sackton: And a red haired woman and like fancy Armor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they're on the road West.
Timothy Sackton: We passed them yesterday West.
Timothy Sackton: They were on the road, when we were coming Nice, they were coming last.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right.
Timothy Sackton: Good good we help you.
Timothy Sackton: This is stuff you didn't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me give you something to say thank you I will give them each.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where is it one of those old coins from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does also call hub hub.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: These are cool thanks toby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah black and cloth and the hub govern worse 200 years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If I even told.
Timothy Sackton: You really travel we've got we're going pastor and console.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And all that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll give them the story of the road up there and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to watch out for you dummies tower and what it was like coming self less mature and so on.
Timothy Sackton: So hopefully.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): REACH doors.
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully, will be into some bar before winter.
Timothy Sackton: I think we can keep the pace, if we don't spend too long and token don't get distracted grab some time.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks thanks.
Timothy Sackton: They like returned to the drinking.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the.
Timothy Sackton: chart or any woman is clearly watching you all, as you walk around like she's noticed you right isn't.
Mike Sackton: isn't saying anything oh is she my she's myself.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's your assumption they didn't know her name.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do we know about merciless identity.
Mike Sackton: She had a fight with they got an almost got into a.
Mike Sackton: fight with half Dar about a magical damaris.
sats.
Mike Sackton: We weren't there, this was this was information that have Dar gave to us when we target when we were asking about Sharon adventures in the.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): called notes on Chardonnay between parties.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is a poem.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that's what I was pulling from do I didn't remember us.
Mike Sackton: We should talk to her she's watching us.
wonder if she has news hopefully.
Mike Sackton: it's a good opening line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm shy going better to join us.
Mike Sackton: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You said you will.
Mike Sackton: But.
i'm still listening.
Mike Sackton: i'll go i'll.
Mike Sackton: walk over to her.
Timothy Sackton: She sort of looks up as you approach says.
Timothy Sackton: Well matt.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering if you.
Mike Sackton: can join us for training.
Timothy Sackton: She looks over it, the rest of you.
Timothy Sackton: think I can guess who you are, it would be my honor.
Timothy Sackton: are many stories about you.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with I presume.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Wait hold on what was any way we can create a miss.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're still.
Timothy Sackton: Think her name is Mr seller.
marcella.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: Just like a slight Boucher and didn't realize, you were acquainted with me.
Mike Sackton: He heard a.
Mike Sackton: tale from.
Mike Sackton: Kerala.
Mike Sackton: Questions two sides there sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Tell from Kerala oh that little town, the edge of the desert.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There was a thief there who wanted to steal some of our stuff.
Timothy Sackton: We offered to sell it to him.
Timothy Sackton: Not just going to give people things.
Timothy Sackton: said now.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Timothy Sackton: came and tried to take it that evening.
Timothy Sackton: button no harm no foul he was worked up and we left.
Timothy Sackton: him like Caroline had been through some tough times.
Did you.
Mike Sackton: Come meet my companions.
Mike Sackton: Some of them are a little.
Mike Sackton: touchy about their ancestral.
Mike Sackton: items, though, you might not want to imply.
Mike Sackton: Anybody who pick something up necessarily owns it.
Timothy Sackton: And I assume that you have.
Timothy Sackton: returned every item you've collected on your travels to its original rightful owner.
Mike Sackton: Some most in fact.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow i'm impressed.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, come join us.
Timothy Sackton: she walked over and she gives a little bit of a flourish and kind of bows and she approaches you.
Timothy Sackton: marcella.
Timothy Sackton: You must be she looks searches looking at sort of between kenzo and Joe Hart like uncertain as to which one and you should look at it looks at Joe Hart and says kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: looks to seeker and says seeker.
Timothy Sackton: And looks at well being says well be and then turns kenzo and raise money and says, I don't believe I know, two of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know hard.
Timothy Sackton: nods.
Timothy Sackton: Like gives you a little look little sidewalk and then like kind of little silent subtle nod.
Timothy Sackton: What brings you to this lovely in this lovely time of year when she takes a seat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): story for story hey.
Timothy Sackton: Fair enough, Western north.
Timothy Sackton: West perhaps will be companions on the road.
Timothy Sackton: you're heading last night heading north.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it faster than to go overland rather than to DARPA and by boat.
Timothy Sackton: depends on the time of year it's probably faster to go to die by this time but.
Timothy Sackton: We had some business and sundar to finish up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stories of cobalts on the roads weston in the Marina gap.
Timothy Sackton: d we've been asked to investigate on our way back.
Mike Sackton: i'll walk around who is we are you traveling with others.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, my companions have gone ahead.
Timothy Sackton: scout the road, I am waiting for a message.
Timothy Sackton: Last instructions from.
Timothy Sackton: tucson back in Tokyo before we.
Timothy Sackton: continue our journey.
Mike Sackton: juices, the major we met right.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We met through so.
Timothy Sackton: it's the same indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, wow she has been in communication with our commanding officer and.
Timothy Sackton: we've been assigned, this new task.
Timothy Sackton: Like to get as much information as we can, about these cobalt raids before heading West.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm waiting for messenger when.
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully, have a map in some details and then I will catch up with my companions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far did you all end up going past Caroline.
Timothy Sackton: wow this sounds like a story for a story, what are you tell me about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will tell you how far east, we went past Carola.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: wow we traveled perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: A month journey into the heart of the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe not quite a month, three weeks before we had to turn around due to.
Timothy Sackton: supply issues.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): into the south and east of the.
Timothy Sackton: South southeast apparently yes.
Mike Sackton: You cross the river.
Mike Sackton: The car jack.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: We added more south and east, we did not get quite to the cartoon before we turned back.
Mike Sackton: Any orcs out there.
Timothy Sackton: More than a few actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were you looking for it.
Timothy Sackton: sounds like I need some information before I take.
Mike Sackton: Any rumors of peaceful work so forsaken they're gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: muscle site.
Timothy Sackton: I feel.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um I feel.
Timothy Sackton: I feel like I am.
Timothy Sackton: outnumbered and sharing quite a lot before you.
Timothy Sackton: told me anything about your journeys here.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I will tell you.
Timothy Sackton: One thing which would you prefer to know rumors of peaceful orcs or what I was looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you looking forward.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fair's fair, though this is exactly how kg Bola was about the same questions.
Timothy Sackton: Do you say that out loud.
Timothy Sackton: Bola i'm waiting you're saying that out loud calm kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: can't like just communicate magically with everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah no I communicate with my eyes.
Mike Sackton: Do we really not have a language that we all speak that other people don't.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Mike Sackton: What we're not what we're not good at our way, which is.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: There are, there are many.
Timothy Sackton: You know something of the history of drink or presume.
Timothy Sackton: Much of what is now desert was once.
Timothy Sackton: A rich civilization.
Timothy Sackton: or many lost ruins buried in the fans.
Timothy Sackton: That is what we were seeking.
Timothy Sackton: Bring what knowledge, we could find hidden in these ruins.
Timothy Sackton: back to the library.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In Carroll we heard the story of defenses against.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Evil that would come from the east.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whether that's true or rumors but you didn't worry about that at all, you know, trying to get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Back in or through it or.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of smile do I look evil to him.
I have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: defenses against evil don't frighten me.
Mike Sackton: you're looking for stories from drank water.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Mike Sackton: A volunteer new we went towards the dumbest this Tower right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: magical.
Mike Sackton: We found some.
Mike Sackton: Letters from a.
Mike Sackton: wizard I guess.
Mike Sackton: Quite a.
Mike Sackton: fled from drink for.
Mike Sackton: Many.
Mike Sackton: Many years ago, or sorry not in flint from Drake or before some big event the plague, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Just be well versed in your history.
Timothy Sackton: I would be of great interest.
Mike Sackton: What would.
Mike Sackton: You don't miss this is me.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't ring a bell but.
Timothy Sackton: You know i'm not the.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not the scholar in the party perhaps Caspian would know.
Mike Sackton: i'd be, of course, happy to share these with you they'd be of interest, although your your opening reluctance to share what you learned makes me feel I must ask for something in return.
Timothy Sackton: I will answer your second question, if you're willing to share these with me no problem.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps our third, fourth and fifth as well.
Timothy Sackton: let's see these valuable notes first.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: say.
Mike Sackton: Be back shortly.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps i'm.
Mike Sackton: Well, be come with me for a moment.
Excuse me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's always like this.
Timothy Sackton: helps us maintain the air of mystery I understand.
Mike Sackton: So i'll go get the to the letters, but I would also like to have a brief conversation will be week as well, we can tell everybody else.
yep.
Mike Sackton: enhance.
Mike Sackton: But I don't know how much should we.
Mike Sackton: Should how much should we tell her let's let's be clear to everybody else we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should, I think we should tell her about what's happening in Carson.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we should tell her we went to the monastery.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we should tell her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Much, but I think that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): worth noting.
Mike Sackton: yeah and I think telling her about orcs and other dangerous the noles I think is safe, I was gonna leave out any mention of items are the giants, though, how are you, yes, this Tower was empty.
Mike Sackton: Except else.
Mike Sackton: letters that we found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see you want to tell her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wish I think that's what I mean yeah, but we should tell her.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was evidence of a party that had visited the Tower that died right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, Sir graves.
Mike Sackton: one.org know.
Mike Sackton: All the damn eyes.
Timothy Sackton: But somebody was obviously alive to dig the grave.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So they did all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right but.
Mike Sackton: I don't want her to know, we have the beer.
Eric Rosenbaum: She probably doesn't know about the marissa now.
Mike Sackton: But I think we are every everything about what we saw in the East is fine we've got I think if we can hide that we killed agata.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah well why are we even mentioning Agha.
Mike Sackton: We should mention.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't know anybody anymore.
Mike Sackton: I mean if she grows us there's always so much we can dodge around a bit, but let's not bring it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we can tell you the whole you know tell it directly the story of the werewolf cult in Tokyo and that's where yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah little of playing collusion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's be judicious in the story let's make sure we're getting good information back and not giving away certain odeon yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We got this chart oh nice Okay, so what What do we want to know from her in particular.
Mike Sackton: Anything I learned a ton they found especially anything they would know about car sauna the nose of the orcs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, which one of those bastards cardone and took took the is.
Mike Sackton: Anything that yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which team went to your.
Mike Sackton: sister yeah and I kind of like to know who stole the.
Mike Sackton: diary saddle cuz I mean should still it back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Mike Sackton: Not right now, but you know if we have the opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: At a at a much higher level doing anything about the stance of charting or open scroll with respect to Sera or.
Eric Rosenbaum: harness so at the brother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is kindness.
Mike Sackton: I think we don't bring that out, unless we.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's still suspicion, we don't I don't think we know who hired the goddess to get Sir.
Mike Sackton: It she probably won't know much The other thing that would be good to know as a thing she'll tell us about the organization of her.
Mike Sackton: of her.
Mike Sackton: Like she mentioned borders right to these adventures on report to the great library, or they like.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be good to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like if there's one thing we could find out it's about that yeah like who's who they working for.
Mike Sackton: All right.
kate: Who should we talk to exactly you know if they.
kate: have taken things that they now claim or there's happy barter for them back, for example.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That might be a good way to find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: about their hierarchy is, if you have some grievance you could ask about I like that.
kate: I mean the chalice of the room priests that they acquired your long before I met you i'm.
kate: nervous about my.
kate: The shield of the Bronze medals.
kate: know that whole I don't know how long ago I don't know how long she's been working for them, I don't know how long different parties had been rating but.
kate: towards would like to know.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
kate: about the chalice at the Briton priest.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's worth raising.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A real having a sidebar.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like Bobby is telepathic really relaying this conversation so it's a little bit awkward because you're trying to make small talk with her wow also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you.
Timothy Sackton: intruding into your thoughts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also communicate via well be that uh that she's strong she's probably strong, as we are in terms of ability and.
Mike Sackton: All right, um so i'll come back with the letters.
Mike Sackton: These are the two letters from.
Mike Sackton: From you don't miss this Tower i'll show you i'll bring the patient and you don't miss to there she wants to buy it for a robot money.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh How did we get the painting, if you don't miss hear.
Mike Sackton: me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we were seeing coming into the end we weren't carrying a giant painting with us.
Mike Sackton: know we will collapse us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh okay.
Mike Sackton: frame, none of this is, this is all part of a whole we're going back to our.
can't.
Timothy Sackton: be saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't want her to know that we have a portable whole.
Timothy Sackton: painting.
Timothy Sackton: The painting is.
Mike Sackton: it's rolled out.
Mike Sackton: it's rolled out it's not like it would be, it would be possible to be.
Timothy Sackton: Just don't bring out like a 10 pound sack or flowers or something.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Or you know, a 50 foot ladder.
Mike Sackton: ladder wouldn't fit now for the whole team will have a 10 foot ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have.
Timothy Sackton: I guess no that's the 50 foot ladder is the one is not the hero ladder the 50 foot ladder is the one.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah 50 foot rope.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so we'll come back.
Mike Sackton: And i'll take.
Mike Sackton: One of the letters out and my shower unroll it a little bit so she just read like this, the beginning of it.
Timothy Sackton: She looks on it, she sort of screen submit.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not saying.
Timothy Sackton: never learned drink Korean but it looks genuine for sure I am positive that.
Timothy Sackton: cassie and will be quite interested in us.
Timothy Sackton: What can I tell you.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think.
Mike Sackton: While these original offer still stands let's let's exchange information about what we found out from the in the East.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did you find what you're looking for in the desert.
Mike Sackton: And works knows what else was out there, we encountered some many.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't you go first.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No, we did not, we did not find.
Timothy Sackton: Much of interest, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: She does she looks like genuine ladies pointed like the sands.
Timothy Sackton: A lot is buried under those sands.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: You know, we found a few things.
Timothy Sackton: side of an old battle.
Timothy Sackton: Probably.
Timothy Sackton: Around the error of the great war.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, done Mari forces arrayed against.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows what evils, but there were some quite large bones giant or drag it now probably not dragon but.
Timothy Sackton: giant bones, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: A few things worth our while we could recover from that wreckage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where'd you find the bones.
Timothy Sackton: Just deep in the desert about.
Timothy Sackton: hundred 50 miles southeast of.
Timothy Sackton: terroir.
Timothy Sackton: Take the bones know.
Timothy Sackton: I was that would be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What you do to them the right whatever you found.
Timothy Sackton: Well we've recovered what we could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like what.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean there was some.
Timothy Sackton: Cheese looks.
Timothy Sackton: sort of hold your hand out for them paper.
Timothy Sackton: A few.
Timothy Sackton: Old magic from them done Mari soldiers and you know, a couple of.
Timothy Sackton: Valuable items.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But you didn't find what you had been sent to look for.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: What do you mean sent to look for.
Timothy Sackton: Libraries interested in all.
Timothy Sackton: magical items of any origin, although we were particularly searching for a drink Korean is.
Timothy Sackton: Not are.
Timothy Sackton: Not the only thing of interest.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Did you hear rumors of peaceful works.
Timothy Sackton: How many more questions i'm gonna have to answer before you hand me that paper.
Mike Sackton: I apologize a guess here you go.
Timothy Sackton: Well, in exchange for the second letter, yes, we did.
Timothy Sackton: We came across a.
Timothy Sackton: hunting party of.
Timothy Sackton: They called themselves the.
Timothy Sackton: There was some it sounded like some undead God they worshipped.
Timothy Sackton: crush Yes, that was his name.
Timothy Sackton: And they were.
Timothy Sackton: They were hunting along the.
Timothy Sackton: So this was this was about as far east as we got maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 2030 miles from the from the dry bed of the Carter river, there were hunting South along the river bed.
Timothy Sackton: captured diamond and killed them interrogated kept one alive to interrogate.
Timothy Sackton: And he threatened us with eternal damnation should we.
Timothy Sackton: and death in the night, should we not let him free because he could not be killed and his companions could not be killed.
And also.
Timothy Sackton: told us.
Timothy Sackton: Under some.
Timothy Sackton: By natural coercion, I must admit.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: They were hunting.
Timothy Sackton: Free orcs apparently the rebel orcs who had turned against the cause.
Timothy Sackton: and must be slaughtered.
Mike Sackton: I will say their master garage both.
Mike Sackton: can send shadows to punch you in the night and can bring the orcs back from the dead.
Mike Sackton: He saw both.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, we saw as well, fire seem to stop, though.
Timothy Sackton: One while place fireball and there were no more work to worry about.
Timothy Sackton: It is useful to have a wizard trend, I will say.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we had.
Timothy Sackton: A word no Jim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, you meet a wizard friend from your party.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, Caspian.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The one who I am revealing all my secrets to get these letters for them, though I do not know what they say and you could be just handing me a shopping list for all I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We keep me to read them.
For you.
Timothy Sackton: You can read them.
Mike Sackton: Oh yes, yes, I am i'm skilled at reading anyway, which is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All about sure.
Timothy Sackton: summary would be nice.
Mike Sackton: I don't actually remember what they say precisely then.
Timothy Sackton: You know you read them it's fine.
Mike Sackton: i'll summarize the first both of them were not.
Mike Sackton: We.
Mike Sackton: This crash creature, I think, is something.
Mike Sackton: All of us should be paying more attention to.
Mike Sackton: i'll tell i've been lucky tell the story of what we saw but leaving out I guess really grown up with anything out basically what we know about crush.
Mike Sackton: He seemed convinced, there was something to find in cars on it so little interesting i've has the library ever consider going there as the library ever sent people to perform.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some i'm watching on anytime she may even come close to line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm spending key on this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make an insight check with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know i've got i've got the special the special effects, been the key, I can tell people live ability.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, okay i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inside checks, I know, this should automatically.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: She got some make a saving against that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh let's see where's.
Timothy Sackton: My um and it's not it's not a it's not quite a pure lie detector right it's um.
Timothy Sackton: it's that if she's telling a story.
Timothy Sackton: If she's telling a story about her past, you can tell if you don't know you can tell if the story is not fully true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right okay Okay, if I found it.
Timothy Sackton: i'll double check.
Timothy Sackton: So you died for this ability, so it should be pretty useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It says, you can sense the truth of a story someone tells about their own past if they succeed on a Christmas saving throw you get a general sense of the accuracy of the story, but no details of a fail, you can sense exactly which parts are embellished or false.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, I be useful for precisely this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us your tongue goes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: So okay so where what what was this Oh, and I was gonna.
Timothy Sackton: Have a messenger.
Mike Sackton: I was asking her if the library ever sent people to Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, oh right um.
Timothy Sackton: Carson is.
Timothy Sackton: It is considered by now my superiors is too dangerous for a small.
Timothy Sackton: For a small one man fighter now.
Timothy Sackton: is considered too dangerous for a small adventuring party to venture in.
Timothy Sackton: It is a large ruin and dangerous ground.
Timothy Sackton: rumored to be haunted.
Mike Sackton: Definitely hot there.
Timothy Sackton: So now we have not.
Timothy Sackton: You have not mastered the forces to explore that place properly.
Timothy Sackton: It is a.
Timothy Sackton: It is the Center of much.
Timothy Sackton: evil deeds, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: and has been destroyed, several times, or.
Mike Sackton: Well gratia certainly condensed there's something that we're finding.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The twins weren't headed that way, then, and the rest of their group.
Timothy Sackton: Half links.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Between twins the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): group from the society.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, they should look like a twin anyways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fighter and Archer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There were a couple of others with them, I thought they were headed East from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Due East from carolyn.
Mike Sackton: Group for.
Timothy Sackton: Let me finish this mentioned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also pink cancer telekinetic.
going on with her.
she's nervous but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I definitely get the sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That whenever garage comes up or the subject of other try Danny is she seems a little nervous a little uncertain.
Timothy Sackton: He says that.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not entirely sure who you're speaking of that.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know any twins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh she's lying.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at you anyway.
Who knows.
Timothy Sackton: Carson has not been a place we've explored.
Mike Sackton: He said he knows that it doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: We killed a few.
Timothy Sackton: They seemed not so much knows as.
Timothy Sackton: zombies that look like knows, they were half dead.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think after we.
Mike Sackton: killed the demon and ravens whole they watched some of their.
Mike Sackton: animating force.
Timothy Sackton: kill the demon impressive.
Timothy Sackton: that's where I was heading.
Mike Sackton: We rescue Bola.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: did not realize.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you seen voler.
Timothy Sackton: While we're on our way back to chart and, I assume, she must be there already.
Mike Sackton: yeah we two months or more now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And she was headed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): directly with less are.
Timothy Sackton: We traveled enough.
Timothy Sackton: weight you yeah you try you new Bola.
You met been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rescued her we saved her life actually.
Timothy Sackton: We are we try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To just a great guy.
Timothy Sackton: In in November.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know, but the great library, does it was a great debt first.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I.
Timothy Sackton: I will pass on that message seems that we do i'm sure Ebola has already mentioned, you to them.
Timothy Sackton: But yes we we traveled with her for some time, sale.
Timothy Sackton: From charting with her in late November.
Timothy Sackton: came up.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: My heart and then escada.
Timothy Sackton: She turned North we headed.
Timothy Sackton: East into the desert.
Mike Sackton: yeah she should have already passed this white on to charter, some time ago we parted ways actually near the near the Tower I found these letters.
Timothy Sackton: need well I.
Timothy Sackton: There is, there is much news I will be excited to discuss with her right i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not yet heard music for safe return, but perhaps it is.
Timothy Sackton: Past me.
Timothy Sackton: Or perhaps was not considered important enough.
Timothy Sackton: To send in a message.
Mike Sackton: She would have passed through Tucker.
Mike Sackton: She was with you right right when did you pass your Tucker together.
kate: again.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you and Viola parted ways and told her, she had at West you headed south.
Mike Sackton: That would have been two months ago, almost.
Mike Sackton: One and a half ago yeah yeah she would have headed West from toker about a month and a half ago.
Timothy Sackton: So she must have been on this road done.
Timothy Sackton: We will we will ask for news when we pass into some car I hope.
Timothy Sackton: Hope the troubles on the border in the mire any gap did not delay her.
Timothy Sackton: Or perhaps you decided to turn West here and DARPA and take the sea route.
Mike Sackton: Have you been to DARPA you, you said you pass through doorbell your way here.
Timothy Sackton: We sailed South tonight.
tonight.
Mike Sackton: We are we are heading that way, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah so so you're handling friend said towards darby West.
Timothy Sackton: and hurt the road is dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: I discount these stories of a dragon but there's definitely bandits and.
Mike Sackton: We have had the same.
Mike Sackton: Have you been to Dubai oh sorry i'm so new place for us now okay.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, we sell.
Timothy Sackton: I mean ship resupplied in harbor there but.
Timothy Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What some what our chart and his favorite items.
Timothy Sackton: cardin's favorite items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, what are the things, one of the things that chart in the society of the open school seek them us.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure I am.
Timothy Sackton: Highly ranked enough to know the deepest secrets of the desires of the society.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Anything with history, anything that can tell us more about our past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any particular items, though great Korean or otherwise.
Timothy Sackton: I have always.
Timothy Sackton: hope to find some last cash and drink Korean books.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: books.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be.
Timothy Sackton: earned me their respective my learned colleague.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like academia Academy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about just for you know our purposes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: domination.
Timothy Sackton: Power purposes.
Mike Sackton: My.
Mike Sackton: My friend Joe hears is trying to say is we have encountered.
Mike Sackton: crashing particular scenes.
Mike Sackton: bent on finding something.
Mike Sackton: You know that might be or the rumors of pay attention Kansas city see if she's lying or the rumors of flight particularly powerful artifacts that a creature like that might be seeking.
Timothy Sackton: there's all sorts of rumors.
Timothy Sackton: And one must have heard some rumors about.
Timothy Sackton: Particular artifacts.
Mike Sackton: My rumors are all 300 years out of date.
Mike Sackton: Yes, it doesn't change, but the world is the world has been overturned.
Timothy Sackton: Well, yes, but 300 years out of date rumors may be quite useful to us actually.
Mike Sackton: Did you share any.
Mike Sackton: room rumors that is.
Timothy Sackton: sure if you'll share a rumor i'll even go first.
Timothy Sackton: Please oh let's see what's the.
Timothy Sackton: what's the most famous last item i'm aware of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We will telepathically see everybody keep a straight face, regardless of what comes out of her mouth.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Here is one that I suspect does not exist.
Right after.
Timothy Sackton: Many, many stories around it.
Timothy Sackton: So ring.
Timothy Sackton: A ring that supposedly lets you cheat death.
Timothy Sackton: The ring of and death or the ring of undying it's called and legend.
Timothy Sackton: Supposedly created by a.
Timothy Sackton: dragon Korean empire many ages past emperor.
Timothy Sackton: Who was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): still living drink Corina for.
kate: Presumably.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I suspect, this is a legend because if the thing existed.
Timothy Sackton: Why would this Emperor have died, but supposedly it was created so that.
Timothy Sackton: is now long dead Emperor could cheat death forever.
Timothy Sackton: way to.
Timothy Sackton: break the cycle.
Timothy Sackton: step outside of life and death itself.
Timothy Sackton: Could such a thing exists.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: i'm doubtful.
Timothy Sackton: But that's the I would say that's the grandest item i've.
Timothy Sackton: heard tale of.
Timothy Sackton: How about you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): telepathically come into the other semi crush was wearing a ring.
Mike Sackton: I see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a ring of immense power it's a session that say as a twist his ring, you can almost feel through your spell the energy in this thing he lives his hand racist towards the ceiling and you see these two shriveled bodies of the stand up, as he takes their heads and slim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): suppan their bodies, I mean that.
Mike Sackton: That sounds like a leg of our desk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That sounds like a ring of on death.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what was described it's the ring of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like resurrecting corpses not of being immortal yourself.
Mike Sackton: Well, but a ring of death, with very plausibly allow you to.
On.
Mike Sackton: That.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): speaks in drink Korean.
Mike Sackton: Wait seriously.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I mean yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wait you're saying garage.
Mike Sackton: might be is a drink right amber.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is gone now maybe conceivably.
Eric Rosenbaum: holy how long would that make him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's a skeletal creature, maybe seven feet tall that's still works.
Eric Rosenbaum: So garage can be like 1000 years old.
Mike Sackton: Okay that's interesting, this is an interesting.
Timothy Sackton: So, what is your rumor tell me something juicy.
Mike Sackton: hmm wow.
Mike Sackton: there's a.
Mike Sackton: The House.
Mike Sackton: Probably a rumor not well spread amongst the humans, although i'm sure there's somebody at the great library he knows this.
Mike Sackton: But the elves tell of a of a circle I sat with a single gem single white gem, not a diamond not any not any gem of this earth.
Mike Sackton: it's called.
Mike Sackton: america's I.
Mike Sackton: it's i'm said to a while the were perfect for knowledge of any events that will happen.
Mike Sackton: The elves also say that this was gifted to our earliest.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: also say that this was gifted to our earliest.
Mike Sackton: The earliest out to.
Mike Sackton: In their wisdom, it is sad destroyed it.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Timothy Sackton: A rumor of a destroyed circle that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wow uses a rumor if a ring that doesn't exist.
Timothy Sackton: hmm fair enough.
Mike Sackton: That they just tried it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doesn't exist.
Timothy Sackton: These are the questions that keep us up at night huh.
Timothy Sackton: Well, how am I earned my.
Timothy Sackton: papers.
Timothy Sackton: or anything else you'd like to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has the society of the open school recently come in possession of a couple of eyeballs.
Timothy Sackton: eyeballs.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: But real job doesn't mean by.
Mike Sackton: torn out of the living creature I think these were.
Mike Sackton: magical gems in the shape of eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can interpret eyes and through whatever.
Timothy Sackton: lens or metaphor, I am I am sure there is more than one person fascinated with eyeballs and weird and wonderful world of my order.
Mike Sackton: You said you're a companion of.
Mike Sackton: violas there was a there was another group we saw.
Mike Sackton: seems like they had encountered some.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunate tragedy near this Tower where I found.
Mike Sackton: What we found these letters.
Mike Sackton: You know of any other.
Mike Sackton: Any other adventure groups that may have lost some of the Members.
I mean.
Mike Sackton: That was the time this is like conversational like switching from the like i'm not very good at i'm not I don't have a 20 charisma so like.
Timothy Sackton: I I know.
Mike Sackton: But he's trying to like pitch it as a we're switching to making conversation let's like Oh, I felt bad that the deal somebody was dad awake is this somebody you your friend who you would last like can We sympathize together kind of thing.
Mike Sackton: Where are you by the people you're don't haven't heard from who we might be bringing news of.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: mean.
Timothy Sackton: There are many.
Timothy Sackton: adventures in the employee or members of the society.
Timothy Sackton: That the library and its wisdom and foresight, has seen fit to hire many adventures to scour the lens for what last treasures can be recovered.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: Even a fraction of them personally I traveled with Bola, as I said, and and my companions you somehow seem to know.
Timothy Sackton: But there were many others of us that left chart and then.
Timothy Sackton: You know I am sad if some of them came to an untimely end.
Mike Sackton: What would there be somewhere, it was unclear to us if any of them survived their ordeal.
Mike Sackton: Some.
Mike Sackton: Great.
Mike Sackton: The tower we we found these letters and when he sat with traps and quite we we left quickly, it was it was overmatched us.
Mike Sackton: Would there be a place in charleston we could bring I fear we may be the only ones with news of these people we've ever make it to chart is there is there, someone we can tell.
I mean.
Timothy Sackton: sadie of the open scroll is.
Timothy Sackton: easy to find.
Timothy Sackton: The great library is one of the.
Timothy Sackton: Most noted and scholarly landmarks of that great city and.
Timothy Sackton: We do not hide.
Mike Sackton: To walking up to the front doors perfectly accepted.
Mike Sackton: or not always.
Mike Sackton: it's not always the case with these these sorts of societies and not into charting and ever.
Timothy Sackton: You would be appreciated their Elf.
Timothy Sackton: Many would like to hear your stories.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who should we ask after if we go.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: If it were me, I would ask for for Christmas.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: i've known him a while.
Timothy Sackton: he's.
Timothy Sackton: Highly ranked.
Timothy Sackton: he's a senior archivist in charge of.
Timothy Sackton: Many of these.
Timothy Sackton: expenditures on independent.
Timothy Sackton: contractors.
Mike Sackton: don't have the 1099.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think if anybody were to know the people you mentioned, it would be Christmas.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did you travel East with Marcus also.
to know.
No.
Mike Sackton: He also met an untimely fate.
Mike Sackton: We found him.
Mike Sackton: While he was stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Vassilis.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Toxins and forth East of the gold medal he.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't talking to these.
packages.
Timothy Sackton: It is unfortunate.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, we have kept you, I think.
Mike Sackton: The hours gone away.
Mike Sackton: traveling today or tomorrow, we should perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I advise you to be cautious on the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I appreciate the conversation for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This was sometimes a straight exchange and sometimes no doubt suspicious of one another but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're independence, we don't have any organization, except for us and knowledge is our currency and trade.
Timothy Sackton: I understand completely.
Mike Sackton: One other last final question and I don't know if this sort of thing interests you at all.
Mike Sackton: But i'll i'll take out this painting.
Mike Sackton: Have you done.
Mike Sackton: We found this as well and.
Mike Sackton: It feels to me it's got to be worth something but i'm not quite sure who to sell to.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure you could find a buyer in charge and he'll pay you a pretty penny for that.
Timothy Sackton: I am not a connoisseur of the arts myself.
Timothy Sackton: But i've seen many a rich merchant are made with a elaborate gallery.
Timothy Sackton: If you play your cards right will be it over such an item.
Mike Sackton: course well, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: I appreciate the company.
Timothy Sackton: service.
Mike Sackton: Safe travels.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps one meeting charter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hope so.
Timothy Sackton: I should turns away.
Timothy Sackton: And you had for your rooms, as it is getting late now.
Timothy Sackton: want to give you a few minutes to.
Timothy Sackton: chat about the conversation but also mindful of the fact that it's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you know we're trying to end before midnight so it's actually works out well timing wise just don't get too carried away with us.
Mike Sackton: So so kenzo she was.
Mike Sackton: lying about not knowing the other adventures.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's see oh I missed one of your message is TIM, what do you said also alive definitely upset about the side of it, trying to hide it which one was that an.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: artist oh about artists okay.
Mike Sackton: Just lie but artists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She had lived that she didn't know about it, but she was definitely upset.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is there an image that they try to convey of a loosely federated set of knowledge, seeking groups, when in fact they are a highly coordinated set of mercenaries like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whether actually w tues.
Mike Sackton: where she lying about not knowing.
Mike Sackton: The party, the three unknown adventures one dead.
Mike Sackton: Or do we not now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Raven soul or.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, the process.
Mike Sackton: Of a store you go this is our.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: She never said, one way or another, that she did or didn't know that she just responded with who you would tell right that conversation got deflected into who you would tell about.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, with lying about not knowing.
Timothy Sackton: The twins right.
Mike Sackton: So she actually knows every but she knew everybody all the people out here she seems to.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and maybe she was lying about why she's here now like she might have just been left back together enrichment us, as opposed to the thing that she said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did she said that she was.
Mike Sackton: Waiting for a message.
Timothy Sackton: Waiting for maps and information about the coupons because they had been directed to clear out that problem on the way back to charge.
Mike Sackton: But she wasn't lying about everything right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What she's lying when she was like oh yeah there's walkway up to the library looking at me what was that, like real.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's not that's not you can only tell for sure she's lying about her past right by i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Your sense there was no I mean, and this is your experience as well, like, I mean your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mentor hearted yeah.
Timothy Sackton: was kind of on the outs, with the library.
Timothy Sackton: For various reasons, but they weren't it's not a it's not like a locked society like people do and can go bring them stuffs album stuff by stuff talk to them.
Mike Sackton: What What about Carson was she lying about Carson.
Mike Sackton: As far as we know.
Timothy Sackton: about people.
Mike Sackton: Having yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Again, not a fact about her past.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She saw that she knew, she was lying about not knowing the twins and that that group of four that they were in we're headed due east.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right so it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Possible that they were headed straight for Carson.
Mike Sackton: But she I mean she wasn't what.
Mike Sackton: Her basic tale of the arcs and the things out.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: As I didn't detect any any like the basic story of her venture was not a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I think our new path is clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work with those sewers power to.
Eric Rosenbaum: To build an army that we can use to overwhelm brush and take the ring.
Mike Sackton: right if you get the brain of a gap from brushes finger.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's i'm saying and sura is positioned to create an expeditionary force.
Mike Sackton: And then we could find the cloak the rain in the sector that's a pretty good trio right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: Then one of us will take each you have a massive battle to see who wins.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dragon thing was probably a red herring right that's that was somebody made up story.
Mike Sackton: There probably is a.
Mike Sackton: were capable.
kate: kind of trust, a half when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was the last time I ever heard a story of an actual dragon site, and on top of our.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, they said that they said to close, though not for which.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): river and rather than dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Difference yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's probably some sort of draggin ass creature.
Mike Sackton: But probably not a real drag.
Timothy Sackton: there's I mean there's definitely been dragons around right So there you you've you actually kenza you probably would have heard this rumors of.
Timothy Sackton: A Chardonnay and expeditionary force that went hunting and ancient white dragon in the mountains at the in the mall or peninsula about 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: 30 ish years ago.
Timothy Sackton: And they came back to Charlie and like they were celebrated.
Timothy Sackton: there's been various other rumors about.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the this so there's the like never see and then and loria the islands and then to the west of that there's this peninsula that's just kind of tearing incognito and there's always rumors about.
Timothy Sackton: dragons hiding in the cliffs and for us there, whether that's true or not is unclear.
Mike Sackton: It probably is a real dragon because it's a better time for us to fight a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know what level, you are.
Mike Sackton: or eighth level, we can take a baby dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems cruel.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I thought was interesting two things both that they left charton in November, I think I heard, yes, just as the timeline and also that they came through nyah which you know, maybe suggest striking some deal with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's his face is in her.
Eric Rosenbaum: late.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From Carnegie you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're negotiation with him.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A mission to do this, and like they're doing favors for them like why, why would they be clearing out couples like I said some charts interest.
Mike Sackton: But why are there any majors like operating out here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Their desk if you do Chinese army.
Mike Sackton: But it's probably more plausible that it is some sort of deal right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it'd be the trade.
Mike Sackton: Now I mean made just for my army and you can lose my country.
Mike Sackton: Basically right why cause could totally have given them permission to loot.
Mike Sackton: To take whatever they find.
Mike Sackton: Should asked if they met if I.
Mike Sackton: should make us.
Timothy Sackton: A jar chimes in us.
Timothy Sackton: don't know much about this.
Timothy Sackton: conversation, but I will say, you know that mention that there's been rumors for years that.
Timothy Sackton: harnesses made some deal with the kardashians.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many years.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe three or four years ago majors started.
Timothy Sackton: showing up supposedly first and naya her sort of seconded to the army.
Timothy Sackton: Fighting on the.
Timothy Sackton: has always been some low level fighting in the jungles to the south.
Timothy Sackton: and, more recently, of course, the army toklas.
Timothy Sackton: For sure a deal that.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody made in charge, and they wouldn't send a whole compliment of major guard just to.
Timothy Sackton: just serve under a foreign commander.
Mike Sackton: Without now bargain.
Timothy Sackton: that's the.
Timothy Sackton: elite force of charmin.
Mike Sackton: Just so you know, Joe hard that the thief that she she said, I tried to steal the the item was not so well respected leader of the.
Mike Sackton: People of kevlar and I think he was stealing back.
Mike Sackton: Side all that.
Mike Sackton: To the people Carol least along with the Mari.
Timothy Sackton: I can certainly imagine.
Mike Sackton: So some.
Mike Sackton: Some deal with kindness is certainly.
Mike Sackton: possible to let them roam that Gala and.
Mike Sackton: Keep what they find.
Timothy Sackton: All i'm saying is.
Timothy Sackton: cercone and mages don't take orders from Denmark and NGOs, without.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): permission to go looting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doesn't seem like that's worthy of a compliment have made cards.
Timothy Sackton: judge.
Timothy Sackton: me there's more to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, what do we know any stories or any evidence of like cardone and is using like really powerful magic to like advanced their imperialists like roles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like there must be you know, like examples of whatever like weird battles being fodder espionage, or like you know neighboring towns like falling to the chart audience and like you know I mean like like are there actual because, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right now, like the front telling puppet leaders.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: assassin yeah like what cuz right now the front is like oh like we're just this like get a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Free knowledge and we just collect these items and bring them back and then it's like so peaceful and grade and like we share everything and we're so awesome and.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're actually the CIA.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah they're actually fucking fermenting like you know all kinds of havoc like with these things right, there must be some like weird stories and like you know.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean for sure right so there's the.
Timothy Sackton: there's actually instead there's like the the the major guard is actually split into sort of two orders right there's the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of city watch side the lake that garden guard of the people right.
Timothy Sackton: But then there's the.
Timothy Sackton: per county premise, which is like the personal.
Timothy Sackton: Like elite hit squad of the magistrates of the Emperor and like there's definitely I mean you, especially growing up in the Charter onion circles that you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grew up exactly.
Timothy Sackton: like this is like you know ci death squad type of room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah yeah Okay, so this is just like so like so like for for kenzo when anytime she says like anything like oh we're so afraid it's just like like fucking liars.
um.
Timothy Sackton: But there's definitely I mean there is definitely a sense that this is like like a lot of cardone and look at the people you ran with as like the sort of conspiracy theorists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right we're like a queue and odds of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cheese.
Timothy Sackton: A chart like most people see the.
Timothy Sackton: The jelly like majors the majors of the people right.
Timothy Sackton: and see that as a certain price.
Mike Sackton: got it.
Mike Sackton: We gotta get freedom.
Mike Sackton: kenza when i'm down with him i'm our characters name but kenzo and and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We you.
Mike Sackton: know my mouth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: he's like all turned out, he and.
Timothy Sackton: He is also he's exactly the same.
Mike Sackton: He brandon like the.
Mike Sackton: Key would know you might be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah we definitely would have known like my mentor because, like yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's the resistance is the resistance and charting it's actually not q&a there, this is actually the more like you know organized organized Labor of charting it's like the laborers and, like the chocolate, the chain light miners and shit like that so they're like.
Look.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, I have a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: We revealed that we have collected ancient artifacts that charted addition we've revealed that we're not working for any state or other powerful backer are we in danger of being ambushed on the road by the society.
Eric Rosenbaum: That now now.
Eric Rosenbaum: When went why we just didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: pull out stuff and show it to her like.
Mike Sackton: I said we didn't find anything but letters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: They know where that we've been out here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there but we've never mentioned finding any items are taking any items or not.
Mike Sackton: I was pretty careful to like drop hints that the Tower like I told her that tower defeated us.
Mike Sackton: It was a great.
weekend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right.
kate: I was hoping she couldn't detect direct lies.
Mike Sackton: I don't think she detached.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't have to be.
Timothy Sackton: magical like she has an Archer you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a firewall between.
Mike Sackton: The tower defeated us right like we did end up saving for Oscar he kind of I mean it was a stalemate, but we flooded terror, at the end right.
kate: Well, yes, there was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There was definitely terror.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just saying we could wake up one day and.
Eric Rosenbaum: They go yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that that's that's 100% but like they're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like i'm shocked years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've not been there have been not been like looting attempts against us yet like i'm shocked.
Eric Rosenbaum: And not just by the open scroll there's a whole bunch of other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there yet, and I emphasis on yet bumped into a party on the road that would know enough to elude us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And thought that they could take us, I mean so far it's all been one Z two Z this whole thing might have unfolded differently it's the other for people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But also table or weren't headed West.
Mike Sackton: Unless they knew we had deceptive they wouldn't go head to head it like.
Mike Sackton: Eve right like they don't they're not who would who would risk so much like we're not weak right like.
Mike Sackton: TIM machine about the same power is us yeah five eighth level adventures versus five EVO ventures is going to end do them one bath with nobody winning right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I detect someone using clairvoyants against us.
Mike Sackton: Right actually really good to go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I do make want to make sure we do not.
Timothy Sackton: Go super late i'm.
Timothy Sackton: cool i'm happy to hang out and chat with anybody who wants to hang out and chat, but I want to end so we can let people go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your next like Mr packed schedule again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Friday the 25th.
Mike Sackton: We have to scheduled.
Timothy Sackton: Friday the 25th is next.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that's Friday, so we can go later.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then we have April Monday April 11 was our next yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then I think we were.
Mike Sackton: And then we're sort of.
Timothy Sackton: up in the air.
Mike Sackton: But it's I can't I don't think we could I would wait to schedule may may What about later it's a little too soon, I think.
Timothy Sackton: So we have right, so we have the 25th and then.
Timothy Sackton: You know what happened.
Timothy Sackton: Is that still good for everybody there's two.
yellow.